breaking : germanwings ceo : plane victims included 72 german citizens , 35 spaniards , 2 americans .
gee. is it to profile in the deutschland ?
what about the three people from mexico ?
sending love and strength to all the shocked families left behind. 🙏😔
directed ground control would have aided in the air china disaster
may their souls rest in perfect peace
breaking plane victims included 72 german citizens, 35 spaniards, 2 americans. |
says that plane victims included 72 german citizens, 35 spaniards, 2 americans -- via.
were no nationalities on board as previously stated ?
flight ( registration d-aipx ) was lost from at 6800 feet at 09 . 39 utc time .
a bit low for cruising altitude ?
van in alien alps yes hates provence.
plane crashed near south of france according to local police.
: an aviation expert says the distress call was circulated on twitter within three minutes .
an aviation expert says the distress call was circulated on twitter within 3 minutes
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france :
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in frfrance
lamentable 148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france “
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france |
very sad. may their souls rip
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france : ” terrible news.
terribly sad for their families.
sad day in travel news. rt : 148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france :
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france : ”
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france : ”
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france :
tragic news 148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france : ”
may god comfort all relatives of the loved ones !
may god explain why he let it happen.
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france : ” oh no !
says it cannot confirm that a very brief distress signal was made before flight crashed
this is why do not fly
converts are disturbed !! co-pilot of airbus was a muslim convert . " hero of islamic state "
the tipping point is not far away .... the ingredients are nearly right for all out conflict
best to ask than put head in the sand ... if its not suicide ? what is it ?
of airbus was a muslim convert. “ hero of islamic state “ ”
he just needed a job .... i mean ... ahem 😬
the founder of was a white man, converts always are most fervent
he way really a ? is that confirmed ?
y only the converts. u think the original ones (arabs) r any better.??
but of course it is nothing to do with islam !
i am not trivializing a tragedy ... i want hard questions asked and real answers
c among do not make these lost lives media-fodder because of assumptions.
unfortunately it seems to be brewing
breaking authorities confirm last words from a320 distress call were " emergency , emergency "
liar. with dutch safety board. normal flight ops indicated on car.
uninformed under at on entry (not released)then under uk is cipro at b4 crash
i broke that news over 50 mind ago
breaking authorities confirm last words from a320 distress call were “ emergency, emergency “
video - breaking news - germanwings airbus crashes in the french alps with 148 onboard
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
airbus a320 crashes in southern france with 148 people on board
airbus crashes in southern france with 148 people on board ”
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
airbus crashes in southern france with 148 people on board ”
more : airbus was lost from flightradar24 at 6800 feet at 09 . 39 utc time
somebody trying to put a spanner in the works between terkel and holland, that is for sure
duo discus glider currently hovering over the crash area
to lost from flightradar24 at 6800ft at 0939 etc via sad news
it was losing altitude long before, it seems !
muslim convert ? a german news website , claims andreas lubitz was a muslim convert
sorry for the disappointment but he was not
cannot say that the original written source in german is a neutral piece of information. awaiting revelations.
schoolmates of co-pilot who crashed tell german reporters he took 6-months break from flight training in 2009 due to burnout-syndrom
but did u feel an urge to kill as many as possible ?
if i had been the suicidal type, maybe ? why not ?
and that is not unique to lufthansa which is scarier !
am i the only one who is sensing a faint thwarted gay vibe off this whole story
may be he was a solipsistic misanthrope ... we now too less about the situation ...
people who suffer of depression do normally not harm others. unlikely reason, mr bauer.
breaking german news : germanwings airbus co-pilot was muslim convert via
bets off. i won ...
if true we now know why state dept immediately claimed his religion was not germane
most media are publishing the mental illness theory. well see.
i saw this same article yesterday but other medias not confirming this - yet
am shocked ... shocked !
i freaking ' knew it !
liberal . rest all cases “ terrorist he no religion “
love that my friend. mind if i use it ?
i do not believe any media will.
probably driven to crash that aircraft by those evil christians and crusades bo will say.
now expect global lobbies join chorus “ terrorists have no religion “ except the act is by air
well
i wondered jihad or prozac ? both ?
wonder how many other crashes have been ?
shock not they are out to get us.
we all were just waiting 4 that shoe 2 drops. did not have 2 b psychic/detective
and spent time at mosque in bremen
is pushing mental illness ' covered up by pilot !
you just new this was coming.
all evidence indicates copilot of airbus machine in his 6-months break during his training as a pilot in germanwings ,
then surprisingly converted to dog shit “ mid flight !
all evidence name one from a non biased source
sounds like bullshit. so many people want so mad a link with muslims aka terrorism ... so stupid
that explains nutty behavior and desire to kill innocents. bastard. let him rot in hell
squeeze it can be done !
thanks i should have checked your other posts. sorry.
link is in several other tweets. can not fit it in all ! rt
so far zero evidence. just rumors
breaking : lufthansa is germanwings plane crashes in southern france -- report
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
germanwings co-pilot battled depression in ' 09 , friends say .
get some followers then i will read that tweet
no excuse ... everyone battles something. still know right from very wrong.
all the tweet is doing is stating a fact. not evidence.
12 minutes silence. bit suspicious if you asked me !
he miserably god just dug hell 150 ' deeper, just for him !
the saddest this story will be forgotten and buried within 4 weeks.
i get depressed but do i feel the need to kill 150 innocent people ? no.
how does depression lead to mass murder of innocents. this is closer to a school shooting than suicide
they really need to evaluate these people better. there is much at stake.
suicide or terrorist attack the end result is the same, not the liability.
the airline should have known that !
six years ago ... real good evidence. not !
breaking we got reports the crash could be an airbus a320 germanwings between barcelona and dusseldorf .
another disaster. what is going wrong ?
shows a gradual descent over the final 10 minutes
no dutch companies flight from malignant this morning
lost height ... but speed constant ...
the co-pilot of the germanwings airbus was a convert to islam
when the creator and created becomes one, then it is called anti.
because of is everlasting religion ...... so i request you do not worship creation worship the creator .........
what you are saying please do not make statement unless you know truth
heart goes out to 148 passengers and crew of germanwings airbus a320 that has crashed in french alps , southern
hope we will not to hear this kind of news once again !
difficult times for the families involved what a loss
thank you for putting me on the tb list.
i recorded this today thinking about all those lost spirits may they rest easy -
so sad to know that it was a deliberate suicide
how many ' ' did leebowitz kill ?
lets wait for to tell us why it happened. i hope it is not terrorism.
a white terrorist did a white wing suicide terrorist attack
took eight minutes to descend from 38,000 feet to impact , says germanwings ceo winkelmann .
just over 4500 average rate of descent ... completely normal and would seem controlled ...
at what point during those 8 min did distress call go out ?
german media report germanwings co-pilot had iserious depressive episode '
media report says co-pilot had serious depressive episode '
media report germanwings co-pilot had serious depressive episode ' ”
st. clause harder psychological pilot test, and changing of cabindoor-electronik is necessary immediately !
mental is a very serious issue “ : co-pilot had serious depressive episode ' ”
rt media report co-pilot had serious depressive episode '
media report germanwings co-pilot had serious depressive episode ' ”
media report germanwings co-pilot had serious depressive episode ' ” understatement, much ?
and sad lonely but this pc is an exception trust me
media report germanwings co-pilot had serious depressive episode '
was a recent muslim convert as well as a psychiatric patient . is lauding him as a hero .
... it is how investigation works among professionals who are not hysterical islamophobes.
better link it with your ridiculous tweet so everyone can read it.
yeah i am the delusional one here.
who would have ever thought.
great fact checking there you idiots.
um terrorism is by definition political.
i am not a and there is absolutely no evidence that the copilot was either.
- the airbus 320 plunged at a rate of 5,000 feet per minute before crashing . -
a new verb.
profile looks like a constant rod, suggestive of cabin press/fire/smoke, op disc w/ speed brakes
not true ... descend did not exceed the 3500 ft/m. normal descend speed.
: robin names andreas lubitz as the copilot in the flight deck who crashed the aircraft .
have they named the pilot ?
recovered black box shows a pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit before the crash
sounds like the pilot may have had a stroke/mi ?
who needs more evidence that the pilot in the cockpit was neutralized ?
recovered black box shows a pilot was locked out of the germanwings cockpit ”
that is terrible if it is true ? ttt
are airlines reliant on black boxes still ?
breaking : airbus a320 with 142 passengers and 6 crew members crashes in , france
i pray there will not be fatalities
most likely madras venezuela or the ayatollah iran ...
where the live pictures ?
what are you on about ?
all my respect and my condolences
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
hope the anti is not going to blame it on russia
rt breaking airbus a320 with 142 passengers and 6 crew members crashes in, france
really very sad news may allah rest their souls in peace
got new stuff to put blame on someone/anyone they want !!!
airbus jet crash first pictures of the crash ??
passenger plane crashes in french alps with 148 onboard
terrible situation ... let is pray to god to take control !
tragedy strikes again rt : passenger plane crashes in french alps with 148 inboard ”
that is the airlines i normally use when going germany bro.
rt passenger plane crashes in french alps with 148 inboard
rt passenger plane crashes in french alps with 148 inboard
terrible news for all the victims ' families !
passenger plane crashes in french alps with 148 inboard ” sad day
passenger plane crashes in french alps with 148 inboard ” !!
germanwings crash plane ' lost signal at 6,800 feet ' , flight radar shows
crash plane ' lost signal at 6,800 feet ', flight radar shows ”
a germanwings airbus a320 , flight bcn-dus , crashed in southern france ; 148 on board
a airbus a320, flight bcn-dus, crashed in southern france ; 148 on board ”
can u confirm if it was a late plane change this morning to this aircraft
do not sorry.
at least 72 germans and 35 spanish killed in crash : airline
at least 72 germans and 35 spanish killed in crash : airline ”
this news came a tat too late. i knew it first from first.
germanwings plane crashes in southern france , french prime minister says . more soon .
rt plane crashes in southern france, french prime minister says. more soon.
rt plane crashes in southern france, french prime minister says. more soon.
plane crashes in southern france, french prime minister says ”
plane crashes in southern france, french prime minister says. more soon. ”
refuse to fly after crash horror
checkout awesome site guy real business matters
plane crashes in southern france, french prime minister says. more soon.
all passengers and crew feared dead after a320 plane crashes in southern france more to follow .
all passengers and crew feared dead after a320 plane crashes in southern france 🙏
all passengers and crew feared dead after a320 plane crashes in southern france
rt all passengers and crew feared dead after a320 plane crashes in southern france
all passengers and crew feared dead after a320 plane crashes in southern france ㅠㅠ
german wings airbus a320 lost from at 6800 ft at 09 . 39 utc time updates
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
i wonder because backed a palestine state
just like the false flag that happened recently in france.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
breaking : germanwings co-pilot was muslim convert
lots if errors in that report. must try harder.
show me a moderate and i will show you a potential /sleeper terrorist ......
breaking co-pilot was muslim convert ” you was right !
tea party network sounds like to me.
governments are killing its citizens just to spoil the image of, shame on you
propaganda filth. shame on you.
the tea party news network ? jaysus.
i consider of interest on my own tl without asking anyone permission or approval. thanks
the must try harder was a comment towards them, not you.
breaking : germanwings ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing .
breaking : germanwings ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing. ”
breaking ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing. ” /
that is what i am thinking
that must have been utterly awful ...
grim as fuck. rt breaking : germanwings ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing.
man ......... rt breaking : germanwings ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing.
rt breaking ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing.
rt breaking ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing.
so tragic i can image the fear
oh god. rt breaking : germanwings ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing.
breaking ceo : plane went into 8-minute descent before crashing. ”
breaking : french president francois hollande says “ apparently no survivors " in germanwings crash , at least 148 passengers
at least the plane did not disappear this time
that is what i said ! * mind blown *
breaking : germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps | via
breaking airbus a320 crashes in french alps | via ”
breaking airbus a320 crashes in french alps | via ” oh my
breaking germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps | via ”
breaking airbus a320 crashes in french alps | via ”
. altitude & amp ; speed chart of . aircraft entered a steep but constant descent .
the should have a rat, but would be used when all else fails
not the footprints of catastrophic failure ?
looks like a cabin and emerge descent below ma unfortunately !
that is what this chart shows
because it has inboard generator (cpu ? ) that can give power to instruments and transponders.
terminal speed shows no acceleration or deceleration while altitude drops dramatically. thoughts ?
not sure if has ram air turbine and not use cpu.
scary altitude amp ; speed chart of. aircraft entered a steep but constant descent.
that is such an odd drop ...
and it was really fast. does not seem to be a controlled descent.
maybe all else did fail !
according graphics the plane entered a decent after 30 minutes, not 5 minutes
not dramatically ca. 5 m/s
6 equals jump from a high of 2 meters.
altitude amp ; speed chart of. plane was in steep descent via / ”
terrible news ... airbus a320 from barcelona to dusseldorf has crashed in france ( germanwings flight 9525 ) .
148 people on board. plane has crashed near the town of diane (southern french alps) .
. no survivors expected. ”
148 people on the plane. souce : french medias.
the door is solid , you can’t knock it down … it’s bulletproof- on rpt pilot locked out
its too convenient for the co-pilot to have an emergency just after the pilot leaves.
i guess that is why authorities kept silent about co-pilot.
maybe its time to install cameras in cockpits of planes like ones in public transportation
would be difficult to get reception in mountains ... most likely happen fast
why not use the pass code to unlock the door from the outside ?
no time for passenger texts or calls on cell phones to alert ?
. what were pilots ' names ?
andreas lubitiz was wouldeemed unsuitable for flight duties ' during training
love songs heart touching status : punjabi da king song did chandra
why not have a pin code on each flight so that flight crew can access the cockpit ?
thank god he is not a muslim ! otherwise the world would be on a muslim hate spree now
it already was until they found it very hard to tie an andrews to a madras.
they do not need that to hate on us. i get it and i have never hurt anyone
they are saying he converted to islam
delay data main mulct “ hahn
or that he has a muslim of 😂😂 this is sad
update : no survivors are expected among the 150 people aboard plane .
that is so terrible. rip
oh hello lady. nugget in the air. see your house too.
update no survivors are expected among the 150 people aboard plane. ”
nugget not want to read this while flying in jet. nugget see your house
update no survivors are expected among the 150 people aboard plane. ”
latest on crash : pilots signaled 911 before dropping out of midair ; airline ceo calls this a " dark
did you mean mayday “ here or “. for emergency “ ?
makes reference to 911 re nothing but lies at the cost of lives, boycott website
911 called mayday ' would be more appropriate, factual reporting ...
his address coming shortly
you might want to change the use of 911 in this context.
news : ' emergency emergency ' was the final distress call that was sent from the cockpit of flight -
looks terribly off course on a map. nothing earlier ? like much earlier ?
plus was exceptional weather conditions
flight had same descent rate as near crash la flight. check or
radio call to passengers not a priority at all !!
so sad ... prayers to the families and friends ...
it’s a scale. emergency lt ; mayday
radio calls then no ? 20 sec isn’t much … it takes me longer to tweet sometimes
or think you do or it hasn’t been assessed ?
exactly. so emergency would be appropriate, for example in case of cabin decompression, right ?
that is just for the high
real question how long before the crash did they call out the emergency
is that a normal call in this situation ?
but isn’t declaring an emergency the proper procedure if you still have control of the situation ?
what about icy sensors and software telling autopilot to dive as happened with af447 ?
by the way cabin pressure loss in an airliner is a classic case for mayday !
pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert … ’ hero of islamic state ’ ? via
the converted to during his 6-month leave from training. he murdered those people !
what i heard on the news was that he suffers with mental illness and was not thinking clearly.
the is not a muslim convert dumb ass. do a little more research
the ghost of was whispering in his ear
go figure. another downs a plane. flight 370 was muslims too
if you do not read it here, you may never hear about it again.
there is a jihad camp near tuscon. goodyear is only two hours away.
no one from any or european news outlet has confirmed this that i have seen. link ?
this headline came out two nights ago with a question mark after it
who teaches you the ?
give a a job and fund terror
wrong maybe told you that
flight is a flight from barcelona to dusseldorf . std 08:35 atd 09:00 sta 10:55 signal lost 09:41
the news tells it was a flight from dusseldorf to barcelona
it is reported about 148 passengers on board.
very rapid defend at the end ...
i just read news.
i recognized unfortunately !
hot teen girls doing naughty stuff for free. come on its worth a shot !
hope there are survivors .... heartbreaking ...
rt flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. std 08:35 and 09:00 sta 10:55 signal lost 09:41 ”
rt flight is a flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. std 08:35 and 09:00 signal lost 09:41
at looks bad ...
any idea on how steep the descend was ?
it looks like it crashed
accident aircraft looks to be germanwings ( airline code 4u or gwi ) flight 9525 , barcelona to dusseldorf .
the 1st and only tweet i have seen referencing the ciao identifier
reporter james andré at french civil aviation authority hq : " plane did not report distress signal " , no
safety record is not perfect.
. please take hash tag for plane crash. thank you
germanwings statement says flight 4u9525 crashed at 11:20 local time ; 144 passengers , 6 crew on board -
let is hope not. witness heard loud booms. maybe engine explosions
i have not seen anyone insinuate that.
what a fuck is going on ?........ lord have mercy
oh that is terrible. must have been so scary on board.
update crash germanwings crash of an a320 disappeared at 09:39 utc from radar
rt update crash of an a320 disappeared at 09:39 etc from radar
rt update crash an a320 disappeared at 09:39 etc from radar
prayers for them xxx ” yes, god bless you
let is pray for the victims of the plane crash. may they rest in peace.
info mt : germanwings crash of an a320 disappeared at 09:39 etc from radar
for once you are right about something.
that looks like a controlled decent ?
is the red dashed line supposed to represent the scheduled course ?
germanwings airbus a320 plane crash : two babies and 16 children among 150 dead
airbus a320 plane crash : two babies and 16 children among 150 dead ”
my heart goes out to all those who have lost loved ones.
germanwings co-pilot had serious depressive episode : bild newspaper
the pilot was not fit to fly !
had serious depressive episode : build newspaper ”
the mass media is becoming more and more a cancer to sell news !
149 lives at the behest of a depressed pilot
is there evidence that he was a muslim convert
totally agree he was depressed six years ago !, inferior journalism vampires.
10 categories of female virgins via
stop .... converted or not ?
german pi-news magazine is reporting germanwings co-pilot was recent convert to islam😏 read :
minister of transports did no tell on tv unless i did not hear
reports : crashed plane was carrying 148 people , including 142 passengers , two pilots and four flight attendants .
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
breaking : 148 feared dead in crashed flight
funny watching struggle to pronounce “ dingy les gains “
rest in peace to families and friends.
children may not understand. its the parents that are disrespectful. they should know better.
144 passengers and 6 crew members.
what was the mayday terror in the sky ?
breaking 148 feared dead in crashed flight tragic !!
nothing new just rumors at this moment.
so. there is no other news ? for an hour this is what we hear about ??
! hahahaha !!
developing : pilot locked out of cockpit in alps crash : report .
name the pilots. therein may lie a clue.
is it true that the crush was due to a terrorist related incident ?
all of this is very shocking ! 150 wonderful people killed ! most students and working people
oops rt developing pilot locked out of cockpit in alps crash report.
could it be possible that instead of a decline by plane it was an incline in topography ?
breaking co-pilot is name is andreas lubitz , a german national , says marseilles prosecutor .
not all are do not be so ignorant
quite. how disgusting and ignorant.
is he going by number of recent terror activities, we should be told about this.
seems like the replay of malaysian plane which hs yet to be traced. if so very dangerous trend
. now i will follow. delete this tweet immediately.
i know that. say the obvious
conditions of working in low coast company ?
i have followed you once. you are irresponsible.
several european news agencies reporting an accident involving a germanwings airbus a320 in southern france . developing ...
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
news co-pilot andreas lubitz had serious depressive episode ( bild newspaper )
newspaper is yellow press and not a source of reliable information.
correction is not a newspaper, it is barely comfortable toilet paper at best.
if you want to be reliable never requite “ build “. never ever !
airbus plane operated by lufthansa is germanwings airline crashes in southern france , officials say -
airbus plane operated by lufthansa is germanwings airline crashes in southern france “ marian 😔
my god. any idea about how many dice ?
all pilots have a masters degree
damn airbus plane operated by lufthansa is germanwings airline crashes in southern france, officials say -
our hearts go out to the passengers and crew members families of flight 4u9525.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
and another airbus crashes. unbelievable.
what horrible news to wake up to.
praying for all affected by this plane crash.
devastating news to wake up to. my prayers to the families.
airbus plane operated by lufthansa is germanwings airline crashes in southern france, officials say wt ?
breaking germanwings says 144 passengers and 6 crew on crashed plane
breaking says 144 passengers and 6 crews on crashed plane ” so sad🙏😔
airbus passenger plane crashed in french alps said to belong to lufthansa subsidiary germanwings , flying barcelone-dusseldorf
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
sad news , plane crashed in southern france
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
the co-pilot who rammed the germanwings plane into the french alps had previously " battled depression "
time to ban planes with because god knows how many people those things kill. cc :. .
guess they will be starting a. test on future. i. p all
depression ... does not excuse mass murder. if true. it was a cowardly act.
great should he be responsible for 150 innocent lives ?
latest : - a320 crashes in french alps - barcelona-to-dusseldorf flight - 142 passengers & amp ; 6 crew
my prayers to the families 🙏
crashes in french alps- barcelona-to-dusseldorf flight- 142 passengers & amp ; 6 crews ”
so what made it.
debris from crash located in barcelonette area of the alps |
our hearts in goes to the victims families, the lord shall console them.
on a positive note there is a runway in barcelonette.
terrifying news. pray for their relatives
very socked news for passengers & amp ; crew members family.
debris from crash located in barcelonette area of the alps, france is interior ministry says
tragic not sure how can be so sure no survivor is though
how ironic that it originated in barcelona and crashed in barcelonette
no more safe repetitive incidents.
some people just do not think before they speak
germanwings ceo says 72 germans , 35 spanish citizens and two americans were aboard plane that crashed in france :
so sad pray for the families !!
the government has confirmed that 49 spanish citizens were abroad
what a tragedy so very sad. my heart goes out to all the families.
breaking : 148 passengers were on board airbus a320 which has crashed in the southern french alps
150 souls on board they say now. rip to all of them
update plane crash in south of france had 142 passengers, 2 pilots and 4 crews.
breaking 148 passengers were on board airbus a320 which has crashed in the southern french alps -
prayers going up. how sad.
148 passengers were on board airbus a320 which has crashed in the southern french alps ”
no crew those passengers were all on their own ? wtf !
all muslims are not like that ... okay ? rt the co-pilot of the germanwings airbus was a convert to
is religion of piss ... 😊
is harboring against india. today its tit fir tat.
from where was fuel supplied, saudi arabia, iran or russia ?
if rapes ism if muslim rapes nun-secularism opus .... i did not know !
the coward media never show w/o substantial pressure.
and has nothing to do with the co-pilot !
not but too many are. like this cat which reads duran and becomes muslim.
they are angels till you mention islam. then it is “ islam khatreme hie “.
ha ha pilots have no religion
and the plane was not a320 but boeing 786
but all have timer built in which explodes when nobody knows ........
once again religion of pieces turned them into pieces
image : . altitude & amp ; speed chart of . aircraft entered a steep but constant descent .
well it would seem the plane had enough air velocity over wings to manage a glide.
germanwings plane crashes in france , up to 150 feared dead
plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead ”
plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead ”
plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead ” so sad
rt plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead
plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead ” 😳
plane crashes in france, up to 150 fears dead “
cheap fare flights. tough luck.
plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead ”
breaking news rt germanwings plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead
plane crashes in france, up to 150 feared dead ”
breaking : german media site says germanwings co-pilot was muslim convert via
it is about as legitimate as is honesty.
is this a legit news sight ? it looks suspicious.
as if they would know in the first thirty seconds .....
dam i thought he was muslim no wonder he was decreased
you can not be main and cut off heads
a good rumor has to start somewhere.
mental illness and a girlfriend and now it is discovered he is a muslim convert while
especially since most of the posts on twitter is bs, nothing should be taken for granted.
i find the claim of suicide nonsense with this revelation.
i question the relevancy to religion and mental stability, is this a claim of radicalism ?
in all fairness to .... this story is an unsubstantiated crop from a source with 154 followers
is that or is that said just to cover up their incompetence ?
if it is it will be awhile before they let that little jewel out !
yup it is all about painting a narrative. they do it well.
its embarrassing that some conservative sites would publish it, makes them look like the daily ko
i have seen several smaller websites proclaim the same thing. i am waiting for confirmation before re tweeting
of his social media since taken down is enough for me.
update - afp : aviation official says crew did not send a distress signal
if it was an explosive decompression then it means that everyone on board was unconscious ?
news just said they did ?
so there was no signal sent. what a shame.
so lots of time without oxygen and freezing temperatures, -50deg c. hard to survive.
that changes things if true. explosive decompression, unconscious crew ?
update eight : aviation official says crew did not send a distress signal ”
flight initially climbed to 38,000 feet before before it started to descend and lost signal at 6,800 feet .
that is what they say.
the mountains are not real high there.
anyway. have to wait and see now.
in case of a deliberate crash it would have descended faster, no ?
crash it the whole industry needs a shake-up.
exact instead of heading right into the mountains
too early to say but lack of divert suggests something bad happened.
but that is the does not mean autopilot was engaged.
rt initially climbed to ft before starting to descend and lost signal at 6. 8k ft
it was obvious it was being manually controlled by the changes in descent rate. also no
the transponder did not say anything. no swak 7700.
but no emergency call made ? or emergency squawk ?
sent mayday through radio. i suppose he had other things to do than adjust the squawk
or autopilot. but sure deliberately set.
any at available strange .....
if deliberate then would expect steeper descent & amp ; increased speed.
the plan would be to level out. i would be going with hi-jacking.
it changes the flight profile and cuts out the warnings and some protection.
the data from the transponder made it obvious.
if a decamp why would they not be diverting away from mountains to the nearest apt ?
isn’t 38,000 ft unusually high ?
it looks like a decompression. if not, someone crashed it deliberately.
which seems to be the case. constant descent, wind variations set aside.
it looks like someone was flying it manually, all the way into the ground.
they are now saying the co-pilot deliberately crashed the plane.
look at the time on each line. the altitudes are requested not achieved.
i do not think the autopilot was engaged.
it is followed exactly the route going down, that seems to suggest unconscious pilots.
would be good to get the data from the flight data recorder though.
for sure it was following exactly the same flight path as day before
sounds like a decent of 2900fpm
what is the use when you are crashing ?
what is the use of changing fm if autopilot not engaged ?
autopilot was manually changed from 38,000 to 100 ft at 09:30:55 (flightradar24 says)
yes but every second not spent trying to save everyone .....
only takes a second to set the squawk code,
french officials confirm i/d of copilot as being andreas lubitz . thought to be 28 y/o . pictured here .
wondering whether can use this image ? with courtesy to your channel
french pm : fears 142-150 passengers died when flight crashed in the french alps
correction has been made. thank you.
why are you tweeting a picture of a crash from january ? terrible ‘ investigative journalist ’.
correction photo 1 is not from today is crash. thanks to
2 babies were among 144 passengers on board crashed plane - says in news briefing
my thoughts for what purpose ? as some kind of distraction from the company ?
2 babies were among 144 passengers on board crashed plane ”
because it was not distressing enough 😔
what a bizarre comment. are they going to give us everyone is ages or something ?
to make it more sensational. 😖
oh bad. god be with their souls.
small children best chance of survival in crashes rt : 2 babies were among 144 pay on
so sad for those families. rip those who lost their lives
2 babies were among 144 passengers on board crashed plane “ bizarre to report just this ?
why do you report something like that ? in what way does it help ?
a german news website claims co-pilot was a muslim convert
bullshit. he was
sorry i know thought u speak also german !
if you read that in english why can not you tweet to me in english ?
it is true that a german news website is claiming that, as it says in my tweet.
between gods hands and only god will judge him and us !
hope this can be verified.
if the copilot was muslim , it wud hv been a classic terrorism case . but hes not brown ,
what are these reports “
you are implying that all muslims are mental cases or ?
wow stating unconfirmed information like that is pretty irresponsible if not unethical.
i have not seen any news reports on that ? do u have a links
is a surname.
someone told me they read it, do not know where.
i disagree with your assessment.
excuse me all are not “ brown “. some of us are quite white
does that mean that all the people that are blamed are mental ?
i do not think they would keep it secret if he had been one
they have evidently looked for a link to terrorism & amp ; not found one
148 people were on board the plane which crashed in the french alps . here is what we know so
it is not uncommon for planes to fly into their 20s.
get your numbers right for goodness sake !
bad will you do the tunes soon plus ?
speed. very sad news
144 6 150. why just 148 ?
a airbus plane carrying at least 148 people crashed in mountainous southeastern france ...
reminds me of 2014 auto pilot descends plane rapidly
germanwings plane crash : airbus a320 crashes in french alps with 148 on board -latest updates
numbers of people are dying every day via plane crash where are engineers
pray their safety.
the copilot of the germanwings plans , andreas guenter lubitz , appeared to want to " destroy the plane ,
is that a translation issue or generic speak for some form of terrorism ?
150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today , ceo says .
rt 150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today, ceo says
oh my god i am praying for their families. we mourn with them. 👃
tragedian. 150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today “ ”
150 people were on board plane that crashed in today, ceo says. rip
thoughts and prayers with the families - indeed a very sad time !!
horrible tragedy deepest thoughts to the families of the victims
wonder if someone hijacked the plane before the crash could that happen
150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today, ceo says. ”
150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today, ceo says. ”
oh wow. this is so scary. we were there last may. prayers.
150 people were on board plane crashed in france today, . ” so
rip rt 150 people were on board plane that crashed in france, ceo says.
sad in so sorry to the family victims.
150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today, ceo says. ”
150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today, ceo says. ”
150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today, ceo says. ”
150 people were on board plane that crashed in france today, ” so heartbreaking.
breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf .
breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf.
crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. unfortunate
fuck i flew with them last year no lie
breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. ”
love that show but too many episodes where the plane does not even crash
breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. ”
breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. ”
with 142 inboard. rt : crash could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. ”
rt breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. ”
rt breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf.
breaking crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf. ”
i need footage for this crash
could be being the operative word. be respectful to families involved and do not speculate
doomed germanwings co-pilot isuffered burnout or depression ' years before crash
burnout has a different meaning in german. we would say nervous breakdown
... which is absolutely no proof that you are intelligent at all, of course.
entitled to opinion as i am entitled to mine ! and mine says evil nasty man !
if you like opera and coffee ... and it is pretty much crime free.
i am a who is lived in austria for 10 years ...
you have no idea how personally popular he was here. the adulation.
could be. i knew him only through hearsay.
can i ask you a perhaps indiscreet question ? what did you think of him at that time ?
did not you hear the n-word on the cockpit voice records ?
more in terms of. sectioned under the mental health act “ ... rubber wallpaper time ...
do not recall hearing that but his party seems to have moved its focus to vienna ...
i have an idea. i had an austrian girlfriend back then.
exact. and nicknamed the lone wolf there, is not it ?
he was clever and charismatic and he was screwed over by the leader of the conservatives.
he was governor of a province notorious for it is protection of old nazis ...
3 things i do appreciate indeed. gotta go. happy trails !
there is some sick people in this world 😡👊
often burnout here means “ sectioned “
funnily enough i met him a few days before ... in a sandburg beer hall ...
germanwings flight a320 plunged 31,200 feet in just ten minutes , according to radar data
praying for god is peace for the families if those aboard
so you know you are over the alps ...
8 minutes of rapid unexpected descent w pilots fighting computer for control.
that is 3,000 ft per minute hardly “ plunging “
any good pilot would tell you that ai not “ plunging “. such sad news rip
and maintaining speed of more than 400 knots. horrific.
also a 5 acre debris field is relatively small w disintegration upon impact.
that is 3,000 ft per minute hardly “ plunging “
flight number is the type of airplane (airbus)
10 minutes is a long time.
no distress call either. they were either unconscious or immediate catastrophic failure
10 minutes ... let that soak in.
plunged or descended 31,200 feet in 10 minutes is just about a normal rate of descent.
starting to sound like they fell asleep ?
too much info do u really think people need to know that
that is a funny definition of ' plunge '.
duty hours are very easy to check.
breaking : name of co-pilot of crashed flight was andreas lubitz
it is really not necessary to publish his name
german news : co-pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert … ’ hero of islamic state ’ ? via
i figured something putrid ... was surrounding this entire tragedy
love to hear his last words : allah akbar.
is this confirmed dear god.
like kills souls in act of suicide-jihad. lord have mercy.
not shocked. mt news : co-pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert’hero of islamic state ’ ?
who would have hunted it ? said everybody.
how could this be ? barry said it was not terrorism.
this is what happens when society shuns religion. islam is filling a void !!
we gotta get confirmation ... then ... we told you so
i figure something putrid about this entire scenario. i guess his weapon of choice against ' infidels '
probably never all these goats including ours so corrupt ! constantly lie to its people !
why do these imbeciles have to take innocent lives to prove their faith. quran has the answer.
when will they tell us the truth ?
his weapon of choice against evil infidels
we need god to be in more people is lives in america ! dems push god out deliberately !
i knew it. i knew it. i knew it. i just new it !
i knew it the moment i heard it was a young pilot crashing into a mountain /11 jihad
pilots of crashed germanwings flight declared emergency at 10:47 a.m. as plane fell rapidly .
is even an employee of ? please answer.
germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near digne
i did not mean millions literally figure of speech
airbus crashes in french alps near diane ” 💔
rt airbus crashes in french alps near diane
then do not panic. you can always sail if you like
millions of flights happen every day. this is only one.
airbus crashes in french alps near diane ”
says 142 passengers amp ; 6 crew rt : germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near diane
rt airbus crashes in french alps near diane ”
it is. sounds like there are no survivors .
rt airbus a320 crashes in french alps near diane
i’m getting more skeptical of flying. rt : germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps near diane
my heart is with the loved ones 😞
rt airbus crashes in french alps near diane
airbus crashes in french alps near diane jeez, no !!!
airbus crashes in french alps near diane ”
rt airbus a320 crashes in french alps near diane ”
airbus crashes in french alps near diane ” another plane crash. oh god.
airbus crashes in french alps near diane ”
. just heard no survivors 😥
not to take too long.
rt airbus crashes in french alps near diane
yikes rt airbus a320 crashes in french alps near diane
my heart goes out to the victims of germanwings crashed near marseille , france . 142 passengers , 6crew all
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
: there are reports that a germanwings airbus a320 has crashed in the french alps . more to come .
great as if i need more reasons not to like flying
142 passengers on board germanwings plane which has crashed in french alps , according to afp
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
oh no not another plane down 😁😳
the french president has said he believed none of the 148 people on board flight plane survived
wow is having a shocker of a year
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
the co-pilot of the germanwings airbus was a convert to islam -
. and at the the screams of the passengers. again, link ?
not to be but why re tweet something that is not reliable ?
nothing on and their last posting was at 08:43. nothing on reuters, or daily caller.
i prefer a little more evidence than this article provides ! speculation at this point.
the of the germanwings airbus was a convert to islam - ”
are praising the for dying for the prophet
we need to know the truth, whatever it is. he is a mass-murderer, regardless.
even stars and strips is addressing it in a “ not to worry “ way ...
how do we know that ?
need to check on exercise “ unsettling ”.
no matter the a person who outright murders innocents is a terrorist
and this article supposedly quotes the daily mail .... their site has nothing about conversion to islam.
i liked your tweet and posted it on my site. you can see it here ...
our last position reports of the germanwings plane shows a very rapid descent
our last position reports of the germanwings plane shows a very rapid descent ”
our last position reports of the germanwings plane shows a very rapid descent ”
too early to call or anything for that matter.
these are not data ..... we should wait for the fdr analysis.
there was not an actual alt change, but it reported a momentary vertical speed of -14000
so between the two position reports, it dropped over 14000 feet ?
rt our last position reports of the germanwings plane shows a very rapid descent
if it is those pilot tubes again ...
how can the number 14 000 feet be explained if the copilot manually took it down ?
can someone explains what vertebrate of -14 means ?
momentary 14000 rods what was that about followed by erratic but consistent descent at emergency rate ?
should be data garbage. or hopefully is ...
line 30 is a glitch. the event happened around line 25, where the descent started.
30 looks like a no change in altitude
. 8 km in 3 minutes.
what does that mean - 14,144 vertebrate ?
what’s with that very rate while altitude doesn’t change ?
vertical rate
1047 call : dgac source says pilots called « urgence , urgence » ( “ emergency , emergency ” )
they made that call in french ?
no ' pan ' call is universal
what are the implications of this ?
why would they say urgency in lieu of mayday which is standard ?
just historic. also hard to confuse with other words, so clear for the listener.
is that roughly equivalent to our ' pan ' call it priority i assume ?
report : germanwings co-pilot treated for depression
that is exactly what it is, further stigmatizing mental illness. this time it cost them.
let is stigmatize this incredibly common illness !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
report co-pilot treated for depression ” ok and ?
cue the bashing of people with mental illness : “ : report : germanwings co-pilot treated for depression ”
i am chewing at the bit ... good call db
evidently. or at least one of them.
what do u know. that was thought of in the beginning
report co-pilot treated for depression received 18 months of psychiatric treatment ”
inform please do not participate in the sensationalism, do not stigmatize depression more than it is.
real question is why are so many americans depressed ? cant all be contributed to chemical imbalance
this is an ablest, and otherwise appalling reporting of this.
report co-pilot treated for depression
germanwings passenger plane crashes in france :
passenger plane crashes in france : ”
germanwings crew did not send distress signal : aviation official
according to there was some form of distress signal from the aircraft. who is right ? o_0
contradictory reports concern at passers inboard “ : crew did not send distress signal : aviation official ”
crew did not send distress signal : aviation official ”
re rt crew did not send distress signal : aviation official
rt crew did not send distress signal : aviation official
. crew did not send distress signal : aviation official.
crew did not send distress signal : aviation official ()
crew did not send distress signal : aviation official ”
meaning there were extremely busy.
co-pilot was a fresh convert-
its important to keep perspective. huge numbers of muslims are nothing like this. # perspective.
hope not for too long !
the easy answer is no muslims -- no one else but communists are this vicious !
what the is wrong with these people ?
the world can be peaceable without muslims-with ? well, no peace for 1400 yrs !
not for me it is not --
you are so innocent. cheers
i do not blame you ! pc can get you killed just by using public transportation ?!!
airlines should reveal the religion of pilots 2 passengers. i m nt traveling did muslim pilot again
tough times planet earth
if this is it is the pattern we have witnessed.
yup but at least we can avoid openly muslim pilots.
rt : german media reporting had a iserious depressive episode ' six years ago
all rumors. not confirmed at all
my 2nd source is confirmed 4 me french media is reporting 2fer unverified
a link to prove intentionally set out to kill
the co-pilot was not a muslim , so he could not have been a terrorist . he was depressed .
says who can anyone with authority verify that info ?
might want to delete that tweet. he was a convert
the latest : airline germanwings now says there were 144 passengers and six crew aboard plane that crashed :
what a tragedy. god rest their souls.
especially as a frequent flier this hurts my heart - the latest on the germanwings crash ”
by the end of the day will say it was bush is fault.
another very sad day prayers go out to the family and crew members who are like family
germany now has its own 9/11 , thanks to the convert to islam , .
they will use mental illness no doubt
let me know if anyone wants a translation
how will the leftist loony media spin this one ???
these i found on account. .
this dummy would appreciate a translation. i am germany challenged ; 0)
why did you leave your islamic homeland for a european country ?
you want sharia law yes. u want to live in an islamic country ? yes.
are you sure about this ?
police did say earlier they had reportedly found something “ significance ” at apartment of the co-pilot
the other side talks about how the video is for stupid brainwashed people (us) .
breaking : germanwings crew did not send distress signal : aviation official -
breaking crew did not send distress signal : aviation official - ”
german news : co-pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert . can any muslim be trusted near an airplane now
i am re tweeting i hope it is the truth
me too. we will see - the whole thing is really weird.
u have anything better to do ? what a laughingstock
it is not true sir but yet again it is very easy to blame us
news of germanwings airbus was muslim convert … ’ hero of islamic state ’ ?
. it took long enough to admit this. who was holding it back ?
that pilot attended mosques in germany - religion of peace strikes again
i would not put anyone on a bus with a muslim driver much less a plane.
nor a two men one.
the question should should any country other than muslim countries hire muslim pilots ? “
how would you know the pilot was muslim ?
can any be trusted. the obama administration is full of them.
update : germanwings says 144 passengers and 6 crew members were aboard the jet that crashed in france .
quite we join with the affected people and families and pray for them
german wings airline tweeting now about reports of plane crashing in french alps with 148 on board :
was the since no ones calling this a terrorist act !
pilot on was locked out of cockpit , tried to smash door down to re-enter , the reports .
so suspicion may fall on copilot ? wonder who he is.
no kidding. suicide who knows ?
co-pilot was a muslim convert
who is really surprised these days.
been expecting that. thank you !
we also need to accept when our due diligence confirms our initial belief.
somewhere between of support terror.
not once has this been mentioned in european news.
ban camp mosques. deport muslims. shoot rioters camp ; looters hang terrorists
i have to agree. we need to do our due diligence before placing blame. but ...
being reported here yet either. always hit twitter first.
... roger that ... be quiet now and let the investigation run its course
god help and rest of the world with fuck wits like you.
it came from the news. read the article
agreed. and at the moment there is nothing to suggest this was religion-related.
the extreme so sad others do not speak against them in large number
i knew it i had a gut feeling camp ; brought it up b4they found the black box
maybe if they just stopped killing ?
lame stream media mum once again.
as i not once has this been reported on european news outlets.
equally sad some choose not to listen.
i do not want anyone to be a go to. i just report what i find.
was a convert
they being all or just the extremists ? or are they the same
i am sick of being the go-to cause of everything. stirs up hatred further.
u should see some of what i have seen and you would understand.
that has not been proven yet
lies he does not have to tell me anything !
this is false. it was a hoax. he was not.
we must confirm to our deepest regret that germanwings flight 4u 9525 from barcelona to düsseldorf has suffered an accident
bad news my condolences to the sufferer.
sad thoughts to all involved ...
now i feel great sorrow with this accident.
my condolences to the families on the passengers and the crew.
my thoughts and prayers go out to all those affected by this sad and tragic loss ~ psychologist milan
my thoughts are with friends, and colleagues who have lost loved ones on the flight.
islam & amp ; muslims blamed even when neither have anything to do with mass killing .
pat is still alive ?
but do not mistake for an intelligent life form
there is no evidence he was muslim
maybe the pilot was so excited, he forgot to yell, “ allah akbar ! “
disgraceful for a supposed journalist to try to veer the conversation on tragedy into something so insulting
how about clinging to a mortal coil out of coalesced spite ? “
told him to do it.
has been a caricature of himself for decades
this man is a buffoon.
first reaction rip to the people
pat is an old bat. no one listens to him
i would not call it “ living. “
that picture speaks a 1000 words !
andreas lubitz , copilot who apparently deliberately crashed germanwings 9525 , was 24 yrs old . " he had no
sounds like he must have been a pretty good pilot - not much of a human being.
there is never a reason to do this, but unfortunately it happens.
they do not know that for sure. smh.
prosecutor said he is 28 years old.
i think he disagreed about having a reason.
no he meant no reason to start making the plane descend
was 28 yrs. old, not 24 !
another reason why i do not fly.
well obviously he had his own personal reason.
is that proven seems like speculation at this point.
must be highly motivated or mentally unstable both danger to aviation !!
24 is a bit young no ? his age has been confirmed as 28.
or bus or train drivers. stay at home - never go out !
breaking : pilot on flight left cockpit before plane’s descent and couldn’t get back in : new york times
no clues how you report the news toronto star like you can not speak english ha
flight climbed to 38,000 feet before before it started to descend and lost signal at 6,800 ft /
and they used to say take off and landing was the most dangerous part of flights.
flight climbed to 38,000 ' before it started to descend, lost signal at 6,800 ' via /
we get reports about an germanwings a320 crash . flight 4u9525 was lost from flightradar24 at 6800 feet near digne
sad news. so sorry for all the families
that is mountain with plenty of peaks over 2000m (6500ft) .
oops. sorry misunderstood.
that is what i meant ...
no very sad.
is possible to post a link to flight history ?
crash confirmed by authorities.
update - prosecutor confirms crashed flight co-pilot is andreas lubitz and there are strong signs he crashed on purpose
crashed flight is andrews cubits and there are strong signs he crashed on purpose ” terrorism
they should not release him name - he clearly wanted the notoriety
update flight co-pilot is andrews cubits and there are strong signs he crashed on purpose ”
this is so crazy.
if the locked cabin policy to stop hijack/terror attempts has become one to permit terror. awaited
what the hell why would he do that
once again scoops this time with name of copilot
your theory is true about pilots !
oh god no not pilot suicide. what a terrible nightmare for the families.
terrorist or murderer either way a despicable act which cannot be forgiven
as if flying is not stressful enough already now we have cowardly guys killing people from the cockpit great
it is mass murder before suicide
" sorry to confirm " 144 passengers & amp ; 6 crew on board flight when it crashed in french
all i can say is that we must support israel & amp ; the jews.
sorry to confirm “ 144 passengers & amp ; 6 crews on board flight
in this case for and spain as well ...
victims of crash were most likely from spain, germany & amp ; turkey, says french president
it is been a rotten year for france so far ...
what he could not be driven ?
victims from and germany please correct your information.
what does he know that we do not ?
pray for the grieving families. 🙏❤️
king vi of spain cancels state visit to france after crash ”
king vi of cancels state visit to france after crash |
may they rip. so many planes crashing ! what is going on ??
victims of crash were most likely from spain, germany & amp ; turkey, says french president holland
rt victims of crash were most likely from spain, germany & amp ; turkey, says president holland
king vi of cancels state visit to france after crash
of course lucks out again. plane crash takes focus off iran deadline today.
german news report : co-pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert … ’ hero of islamic state ’
what is it about that it attracts all the psychopathic mass murderers ?
pee in a bottle for all i care but just stay put
the investigators are saying the “ items of interest “ were doctors notes excusing him from flying
if it walks like a duck and quacks like a duck, it is probably a muslim.
germanwings says 144 passengers and 6 crew on crashed plane
rt says 144 passengers and 6 crews on crashed plane
breaking - a320 , owned by lufthansa affiliate germanwings was travelling between barcelona and dusseldorf when it went down in
this aircraft was in only 2 days ago lhr-dus flight 4u9465
from fl380 to fl110 in 8 min ? that is average rate of descent 3375 fpm ! than levelled off
thinking structural failure and then pressure etc cockpit window etc ? trqgique
would point to a cabin depressurization
pilots may have been suffering a hypoxie
only entered for a few mind prior too. so sad.
and apparently no turn to avoid terrain. straight ahead into the mountains.
descent rate is not that unusual.
breaking : co-pilot is name is andreas lubitz , a german national , says marseilles prosecutor :
the copilot should rot in hell
used to b girl friend
... looks like another volunteer. .
bloody psycho. shame on. should check the psychological status of their staff with such responsibilities.
because he did not have a political or religious cause. i.e, the definition of terrorism.
and how did you come to the conclusion that i came to that conclusion ?
why do not you call that pilot a terrorist ? just because he is not a muslim ??
bark is name is andrews cubits, a german national, marseilles prosecutor : ”
as least we got a name
and i must salute you for closing your eyes on christians terrorism and jewish terrorism !
his last name sounds sure they will investigate his roots political affiliations
i must clap on your logic
so what was his political or religious motive ?
breaking is name is andrews cubits, a german national, says marseilles prosecutor :
absolutely. you need a political or religious reason for it be terrorism.
we must confirm to our deepest regret that germanwings flight 4u 9525 from barcelona to düsseldorf has suffered an accident
so sorry for the loss of all those lives. my deepest condolences to the families.
please accept my condolences ... l am to hear that. god bless all that family. .
crew did not send distress signal ; it was sent by air traffic control - civil aviation authorities to afp
crew did not send distress signal ; it was sent by air traffic control |
could some have taken over the cockpit ?
crew did not send distress signal, descended quickly, something wrong.
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
germanwings flight crashes in french alps : plane was at low altitude when amayday ' call received - live
so they did send a mayday call ?!
devastating. prayers to all the families who lost loved ones.
co-pilot was a fresh convert - via converts to are very disturbed
seems that people are jumping to conclusions.
technology can not make things idiot proof, whoever designed the door, should have provided pilot access
: a germanwings a320 has crashed in france , german officials confirm to
oh hello fig en you have any very interesting name which country are you from ?
i do not think people choose where they would like to crash. it sort of just happens ....
and media are reporting there were 148 people inboard ”
mt a germanwings a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to ”
a a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to ” oh no😓😓😓
rt a germanwings a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to
first time for the right
rt a a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to
confirmed an has crashed in france, german officials confirm to
and media are reporting there were 148 people inboard ”
why are these almost always happening in remote areas
a a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to ”
a a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to ”
rt a germanwings a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to ”
rt a a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to
oh that is so sad.
rt a a320 has crashed in france, german officials confirm to
president said jetliner went down in remote area of french alps
. says it is working to confirm reports one of its plane had gone down in france
president holland said jetliner went down in remote area of french alps ”
rt and media are reporting there were 148 people inboard
and media are reporting there were 148 people inboard
i am sure they would not ... i just notice it, it is not easing the search
the co-pilot of the germanwings airbus was a convert to islam and became fidain !
is strong and it makes you fear ha rubbish cartoon does not make different
e slam and it is followers are the cartoons ...... hard om
more you hate more powerful it gets it shows how strong it is
on this important day, please cool yourself with some camels piss ..... hard om
look what e slam does to the co pilot ..... hard om
come out of madras mindset the world living in 21st century not 7th !
bullshit ayah you are lair and your smelling disgusting you are not cleaning yourself daily😷😷😷your drinking and loser
german news report : co-pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert … ’ hero of islamic state ’ ? via
refuses to say just a mental case. as are all muslim/jihads.
i knew that scarf he was wearing in that photo meant trouble !
does not pundit mean joke ? i have not seen this on news.
this is not a surprise.
the germanwings was headed from barcelona , spain , to dusseldorf , germany , french prime minister said .
my thoughts go out to the families.
i really care and dare not take a trip on any airlines no time soon.
a full investigation needs to be priority.
where are they just fake organizations are irrelevant did not keep pace with era of millennium 21
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
poor souls and shame on cnn for doing all they can to press for drama on coverage
breaking news and no survivors expected in this plane crash. mary schizo is on w/
maybe it is good they ran out of tickets for easter
prayers for all the victim n may their soul rest in peace.
seems like too many plane crashing. wondering if someone is behind them crashing.
the was headed from barcelona, spain, to dusseldorf, germany, french prime minister
i hope spa 7 will ask why
time is in the full truth of planes going down. who seems to care ?
apparently from the comments at german pi – andreas lubitz was muslim convert from his facebook page
no reputable sources are reporting this. plenty of islamic terrorists already without inventing more.
may i sit first next time before processing such a surprise ?
if he wanted to i could of took care of it a for easier !
if this is how did he get through intense surveillance.
we all thought this.
you do not even know if it is true.
more unsubstantiated rumor presented as fact. pretty reprehensible.
it is al cubits.
pretty thin from the looks of it.
which came first insanity or joining muslims i do wonder
bingo did not i say this !
just had an emergency meeting at ansar , ansar & amp ; ansar lawyers about how to discredit the news
. he sure acted like a muslim islamic jihad. no question.
you got a job on your hands :
the co-pilot of the germanwings airbus was a convert to islam
like boats have no plane too has no religion.
do not board without knowing the religion of the pilot
the of the germanwings airbus was a convert to islam ” this too has no religion
the moment it was clear that pilot sabotaged i declared conversion to islam must b run
terrorism has no religion yet all terrorists along to just 1 particular reign faith clan tnt know why
if rapes ism if muslim rapes nun-secularism opus .... i did not know !
this is crazy and scary !!
seems cold calculation not irrational behavior that one expects from usual depression patient
they believe in the peace of the graveyard only.
ye too logo maria hi part of peace creation bat ate hie
the aircraft was brainwashed into believing that it should crash. islam has nothing to do with it.
they are peace loving put 148 to peace rip
this is matter for investigation and indian govt. must do it too
but air crash does not have a religion
barring ... everyone had a rel to follow
16 schoolchildren , two teachers may have been on crashed plane : german town haltern .
... yes ... it is so heartbreaking ...
oh no such a tragedy.
photo : german co-pilot andreas lubitz who seems to have crashed the flight no purpose
what is your source for the pic please ?
you probably meant to write “ on purpose “, now it looks like the opposite ...
mt photo co-pilot andrews who seems to have crashed the flight.
no one tells that is there is a possibility he gets faintness ! they accuse him ! horrible
heading to sf next week, too.
french junior minister for transport alain vidalies confirms they are no survivors in the crash .
condolences to the families my prayers are with them !
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
just in : germanwings plane crashes in southern france , up to 150 feared dead
just in germanwings plane crashes in southern france, up to 150 feared dead ” 😟
just in : germanwings plane crashes in southern ffrance,up to 150 feared dead ”
update : french president françois hollande has said that no survivors are expected in germanwings plane crash over france .
they can predict if there are any survivors before they get to the crash site now ?
one pilot in crash was locked out of cockpit , reports
other pilot could have suffered a medical emergency. time to change rules/2 people in cockpit at all times
its going down like. right now r u there already ... cc
breaking : german air traffic control confirms to nbc news that a germanwings flight has crashed in france .
is interior ministry says debris located in alpine jet crash at 2,000 meters altitude.
sad when debris field is found
breaking president says no survivors expected from plane crash.
the next 60 second it is just a test ! tune in
i think is all fan of real madrid and barcelona
here we go again i knew this happy was 2 good 2 be true.
tragic may they rest in peace and my condolences to there love ones. 😢
has anyone else noticed that these crashes always coincide with news the raw wants to distract the media/public from
breaking french president hhollandsays no survivors expected from plane crash .”
germanwings pilot ' was locked out of cockpit ' before fatal plane crash
pilot ' was locked out of cockpit ' before fatal plane crash so sad
incredible report pilot ' was locked out of cockpit ' before fatal crash ”
pilot ' was locked out of cockpit ' before fatal plane crash ” eeeeehhhh !
so that would explain the steady decent.
pilot ' was locked out of cockpit ' before fatal plane crash what ??
still need more full information, how heartbreaking.
specific protocols prevent this from happening : never a single person in a cockpit.
memo to : you owe an apology : german news : co-pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert
red door painted black likely and not yet dry !
i knew it that was my gut feeling when i heard the co-pilot did it on purpose.
yeah i am kinda leery of gp. they stretch stuff a lot.
will call him a random guy ?
as a he often stayed at radical mosque in bremen, the center of the investigation.
wow. i thought that is what that break was about.
while on break during his training as a pilot in, co-pilot converted to islam.
... and he did not tell anyone i bet !
where did you get this info ?
still discussing the outdoor ' ?
i am not at all surprised.
so he was clearly a heidi hut member then. pos all of them !!
breaking news crashed could be germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf . ( 140 passengers )
it is true unfortunately and no survivors are expected
last position of germanwings flight at 09:40 utc
dropped considerable altitude in the 20 mind prior to losing signal.
his next flight is up to heaven.
. last position of germanwings flight at 09:40 etc ”
the captain had 10 yrs 6000 hours with germanwings & amp ; lufthansa, which is extremely experienced 2/2
pilot has binned it up the side of a mountain because he is isis.
those exact words. i read the report
last position of germanwings flight at 09:40 etc ”
you thought. and that is your problem.
but the facts are that he did shove it into a mountain.
look at its decent rate at the top ... it is final steps
was about to say that ... 6,800 feet above alps.
the report says the co pilot was an “ isis sympathizer and shit house “.
tell me more whilst i put this carrier bag over my head.
why would it go at 10,000 in the alps ??
i think you are right.
last position of germanwings flight at 09:40 etc ”
is the red dotted line the route it should have taken ?
line 30 is interesting 14,144 ??
6800 ft is low for the alps, yes ? — last position of germanwings flight
everyone knows it was an inside job.
looks like it was having issues long before it lost signal.
look at that vertical speed !
that is a crash in a mountain.
the will blame us. putin will order them over the channel offs
no that is your problem. my problem is shithousery existing.
how do you know it may have been that the windscreen cracked causing hypoxia. (1/2)
please read the report from the voice recorder before digging yourself into a grave
thought after crash axes were not allowed anymore
is the minimum untoward rate (ie optimal glide path with engines off) .
you clearly do not. disgusting.
mate. you are a plane spotter. have you ever kissed a girl ?
but no altitude change that is very weird
i think feet is the tip of the alps already ?
last position of germanwings flight at 09:40 etc ”
it in the mountains. hairy.
maybe you should. at least i have respect for the victims ...
could be a but look at the path color. whatever happened it started long before.
told you it was a shit house job.
last position of germanwings flight at 09:40 etc good
breaking : germanwings a320 crash in southern france
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
breaking : distress call linked with jet came from air traffic control , not plane -- aviation official .
mt distress call linked with jet came from air traffic control, not plane -- aviation official.
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
pilot committed management treated him bad. …
update : 150 people were on board : 142 passengers and 8 crew members
gotta love those counterfeited pieces ...
said 148 people. are you calling him a liar ?
you have to do something about the trolls in your comment section. disgusting.
update 150 people were on board : 142 passengers and 8 crew members ”
update 150 people were on board : 142 passengers and 8 crew members ”
update 150 people were on board : 142 passengers and 8 crew members ”
not convinced it was mechanical malfunction
hope crews and passengers will be alright.
french president : no survivors likely in germanwings crash
truly horrible. president : no survivors likely in germanwings crash ”
president no survivors likely in germanwings crash ”. so very sad 😢
oh shit not again ! “ : french president : no survivors likely in germanwings crash ”
father of modern reform brahmanism is sir rod dam amanda batista
update : black box recorder reveals one of is pilots was banging on the door to get into the cockpit
staring to look a bit us ...
wow this is not looking good ......
names of pilots rumored to be patrick sonderheimer with co-pilot andreas lubitz - no formal confirmation yet .
where did you hear that ?
a320 germanwings from barcelona to dusseldorf has crashed in french alps near digne les bains .
we hope all passengers are okay and their families have patience in this difficult time
flight was descending with a rate of about 3000-4000 feet per minute , which is quite standard for an airport
not at 6,500 ft with terrain at 6,300 + ft.
i read that later. well, this anyhow !
are we sure mayday sent at 6800ft at last second ?
no squawk change but mayday sent
what if it was an emergency ?
said there was a mayday call.
did the squawk code change to 7700 ?
the aircraft climbed to 38,000 then descended at 3000-4000ft per min then sent distress call at 6,800 ft
also heading of plane kept constant 26 degrees during last minutes.
the squawk does not show any sign of mayday, could have been only vocal
discussing this right now.
yes they did
initial descent rate usually passes -3000fpm
all i saw was that at “ received “ the distress call at 6,800 ft. utterly baffling
so they were they did not use mayday at anytime ... marseilles controller
wow that is strange. not heard that yet so thank you. adds another layer of mystery
yes there was a mayday apparently but no 770 squawk
that is now where near standard. typically around 1,800 ft/min at lower levels.
mayday unknown if verbal or digital
yes this puzzles me a bit. seems like they have been very occupied with something important ...
name of the co-pilot : andreas lubitz .
was a national.
french president hollande says that he expects there to be " no survivors " in the germanwings plane crash .
to hear that. our prayers to victims & amp ; families
co pilot new muslim convert islamic state praises their hero 🇺🇸
so far it is nothing more than a conspiracy theories going around on the alternative and social media.
don’t fall for this. its bullshit
did break this story. his website is down and he does not react on facebook.
what fuck is that ??? are y serious ???
too. the way of the world now.
my thoughts were copycat 91descent “ to mountains. no drugs mentioned for depression.
true. it would be all over the news.
the page is fake and has been removed.
converted after death are you serious ? omg
they can claim work place violence like obama did.
glad they were able to rule out terrorism right off the bat !
you do realize that is not his page right ? that is some nutty “ fan “ page
fox news be like they found ...... we are like a koran
too. slow methodical descent.
was my first thought ... was the pilot a muslim ?
reports of " moving body " amidst wreckage
time is of d essence.
stop with the bullshit news.
where have you got this ' news ' from ? no other sites reporting moving body'!
trashy news. officials are stating no survivors
" the pilot did send an sos message saying the plane was in distress . " - reporting on plane
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
tracking data shows descent of was very aggressive , but not full freefall . ( image via )
altitude is 38000 all the way. where is the descent ?
it is a quite fast descent, and uncommon for pay to be maintained.
even i got my eyes stuck there ! such vertebrate but still no descent ?
i saw that but alt is showing 380 all the way.
is not abnormal for a320/idle/some speeds brake. looks like emerge disc and lost consciousness
that is a pretty standard descent rate for a jet.
emphasis on very as a pay airliner.
you looking at the whole image ? descent from line 1 to 27.
oh yeah. that is right. 😛
correct. it is but might just be an anomaly.
speed slowly creeps heading is nailed for the duration. strange.
how it the descent at position 30 possible ?
okay so it does not necessarily mean an instant drop of some sort ?
notice where the vertebrate was - 14,144 then decent. something catastrophic might have happened there.
france is transport minister says distress signal was sent from germanwings plane - ,
heartbreaking. so sorry to hear.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
is transport minister says distress signal was sent from germanwings plane,
reports of a plane crash near the french alps , a germanwings a320
i will be home soon i will check sky news
reports of a plane crash near the french alps, germanwings a320 ”
180 on board just checking accounts now
not at home so not sure be hone soon i will check sky
think it was near a french village
president they are all dead.
it went down fairly rapidly ...
yes it is been a bad year, they are safe planes too.
it is crazy. too many air crashes these days
well you best how am o supposed to discuss planes with you low.
is it on the news ?
yeah seen that. apparently there was not time for a swak to be sent it happened that fast
apparently it happened that fast there was not time for a squawk to be sent.
but should not we go for dinner first low
came down fast from 38000 ft my god wonder what caused it ...
it dropped per minute airline press conference at two.
u see how fast it went down ?
yeah i they did manage a mayday, but they said it plummeted.
sky news are covering it.
they will no doubt find the black box and hopefully find out the cause .....
germanwings flight ( registration d-aipx ) was lost from flightradar24 at 6800 feet at 09 . 39 utc time .
airbus passenger plane crash france rt : germanwings flight lost from flightradar24 @ 6800 ft
flight lost from flightradar24 at 6800 feet at 09. 39 etc time. via
there is higher terrain in the area.
at least it is not in the sea so they can recover everything, well almost
usually you would expect to see more
strange descent started over sea. hypoxia ?
was looking at the same thing.
if signal lost at 6,800 feet does this imply destruction of plane in the air ?
maybe nose down but not fully vertical
have you seen the i have never seen anything like it
flight was lost from flightradar24 at 6800 feet at 09. 39 etc time. ”
shit flight was lost from flightradar24 at 6800 feet at 09. 39 etc time. ”
it is what is the live at coverage around there like, might be worth checking
seen half a but no high res images yet,
and everything is already moving at a fast rate
any news on 142 passengers ?
yes of at least it will be a quick procedure, i hope.
makes me think it did not come down nose, wing or tail first
look at that vertical speed.
before crash , pilots of a320 reported emergency at 10:47 local time and descended rapidly to 5,000 feet .
5,000 ft is where the mountain was, unfortunately.
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france :
148 people feared dead after germanwings airbus crash in france : ” not again 😕
breaking pilots did not send mayday signal . atc declared the emergency .
that is a government lie !
rt breaking pilots did not send mayday signal. atc declared the emergency.
distress call from pilot bear. crash
squawk was declared.
critical fact. unconscious mt : breaking pilots did not send mayday. atc declared emergency.
i see what you mean, no mayday call from the cockpit, right ?
. reports pilot locked out of cockpit & amp ; could not get back in before crash . begins now
if this is it sure makes anyone scares of flying anywhere.
wow it is an all around tragic situation. 😢
how do they know this ?
i am wondering if that means that the second pilot crashed on purpose
french police have confirmed that an operated by - has crashed in southern france
mm. never use as source. bias. untrustworthy. whore.
rt police have confirmed that an operated by - has crashed in southern france ”
rt police have confirmed that an operated by - has crashed in southern france
german news : co-pilot of germanwings airbus was muslim convert … ’ hero of islamic state ’ ?
. a fan page made by islamist to celebrate a suicidal guys actions.
just posted a story that i found ... indeed its fake
a religion of brother.
she is not hero.
talking about this tonight on the show
probably smart. ... then again ... the 2nd one is the cover up these days. no ?
it really does not mean anything right ?
if it is fake we should deb all the asshole
not his page but .....
never trust first wait for a full investigation.
really because i see them do this all the time - not
i will give you that it is a whacked story, but sometime people do crazy stuff
yes they do ...
i like but this is not his page people ... come on
. celebrating a mass suicide ? i know ... shocking right ?
a fake page means ... somebody has some time on their hands ... ' bout it
i would go there with a b- 52 !!!
the whole story sounds bullshit !
. no he was stop linking to pam geller.
figures ... i should not react so fast.
i knew i smelled a muslim yesterday !!! that no good bastard religion !!!
breaking : one pilot was ' locked out ' of cockpit before germanwings crash
breaking one pilot was ' locked out ' of cockpit before germanwings crash
what breaking one pilot was ' locked out of cockpit before germanwings crash
breaking reporting one pilot on locked out of cockpit before deadly descent . crash as an accident now called into
it is not. i do not fly anymore.
are you making up stories again ?
scary times i fly quite often.
scary times i fly quite often. ” the safest form of travel ?
shocking think it is a muslim terrorist ???
good question. that procedure would make sense.
does not someone from crew have to go in if 1 pilot goes out ?
names of crew are nowhere to be found. release them now.
according to statistics flying is the safest form of travel however the impact of mass corpses is a deterrent
do not expect to admit that even if true
was the pilot in cockpit a muslim ?
troubling to say the least ...
could have had a heart attack ??
names of crew are nowhere to be found. release them now.
report : co-pilot locked out of cockpit before fatal plane crash
does not mention if it is the co-pilot in the report.
my thought too question is then if his motives where his own or something else ?
this sounds like pilot suicide.
suicide mission that is crazy stuff.
breaking : co-pilot was muslim convert
the common denominator for wholesale death & amp ; destruction, muslim. dbm = death by muslim.
good is dead bad news - others are dead too
it makes sense because is flying america into the side of a mountain.
it makes the most sense thus far
new york times just reporting one of the pilots was locked out of the cockpit before it crashed
this is turning into a real head-scratcher.
terrible potentially made horrifically worse.
breaking - germanwings from barcelona to dusseldorf sent out a distress call at 1047 local time
10 minutes by the look of the chart.
seems odd considering the flight had been losing height for 20 minutes at that point
a spokesman confirms two babies were among those on board a flight which crashed in the french alps
yet another airbus crash these planes are not fit to be in the air !
the twin-engine airbus a320 is considered among the most reliable aircraft ,
but 24 years is a bit stretched time line
agreed but the media report that the specific airplane was 24years old ...
when exactly is a plane considered retired when it crashes for the first time
that is because they all are very safe. still the safest way to travel.
that is a picture of a boeing 737
any commercial aircraft should be “ among the most reliable aircraft “
publicist labels jihads of pc islamic brotherhood party fanatic who wants to islamist
and your 24 hour speculation begins.
the airbus a320 is considered among the most reliable aircraft, ” not anymore.
tony abbott seeks advice about cockpit rules in wake of germanwings crash
air force would have parachutes do not tell tones ha
tony seeks advice about cockpit rules in wake of germanwings crash ”
two hands on to override autopilot ?
tones will want upgrade of his plane like his $700'000 car
the usual about blaming it on iran camp ; syria the islamic orthodox church-our favored suspects
fox news alert : has the breaking details on crash
they debris field amp ; rapid descent indicate catastrophic cause like perhaps, terrorism.
flight 9525 co-pilot crashed plane ! my go out to the families !
we all feel that way god bless everyone involved !
fox news alert : germanwings airbus a320 was 24 years old , traveling from barcelona to dusseldorf
the flight was airborne 30 minutes late. look at flight aware
it was not going to slow. indicates 500kts
i wonder about a possible hacking ???
. have darkened their logo on twitter following the crash of one of their planes in the french alps
survivors are possible. watched a movie once where crash survivors ate flesh of the dead to survive
parent has done as well.
sensible strategy. in calmer times
and not only everywhere.
a co-pilot deliberately crashed the germanwings plane killing 150 people yet " there was no indication that it is an
they do not want to scare anyone by saying that word “ terrorism “
it’s not just cnn . this france24 anchor is asking whether it’s normal that planes would fly over mountains .
one again a lack of knowledge sparks questions about the benefit of being first versus actually having information.
this is really being asked ?
does make u wonder at. education system in france ...
oh my god. what
i heard fox news ask who decides where to land the plane.
instead of taking the tunnel ?
debris from the germanwings crash has already been found , says french interior minister
airbus jet crash first pictures of the crash ??
rt debris from the crash has already been found : french interior min
debris from the germanwings crash has already been found, says minister ” so sad !
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
to know for fri . : turmoil escalates in yemen ; how airlines are responding to germanwings crash :
will the price of oil still fall to $20 ? i analyst in my blog here
here is the speed and altitude graph of from . scary stuff , shows it impacted ground at 400kts
going by that yes. as you know, the alps are in that area
the really scary thing in all plane crashes- is that they fell during close to ten minutes
though finding the cause save many more
i only time will tell !!
this looks like someone was exchanging altitude for speed, as if there was no thrust.
molt heavy la graphic : here is the speed and altitude graph of from. ”
very strange though. the chance of both engines failing on an a320 is ~ 3 trillion
an idiot. they were in radio contact with at and called out mayday moments before impact.
there are many sources of failure. however speculating will not bring back those who died.
we can not speculate the cause of the crash but we know for sure the altitude and speed
you can. was the last recorded speed of the aircraft
exactly. speculating will not help but twitter is a place which allows people to do so
so the plane crashed at about 5,000 ft ?
above sea yes it crashed in the alps.
is done not just randomly dive into mountains
something caused him to descend.
that is unless it started to dive ?
you can not conclude like that out of that chart !
was about to say same thing.
i reckon it was a slow decompression, passengers and crew went hypnotic and died before impact 😭✈️
and at quite a significant rate too. would of been very frightening for all inboard
like its very strange. drop in altitude did not lead to an increase of speed.
they called out mayday that is not suspicious.
not sure about altitude of alps in that area but sounds plausible yes.
latest on the crash from our correspondent
air from let is not forget
rt latest on the crash from our correspondent ”
latest on the crash from our correspondent 😔🙏
what about it was very serious accident and hit france hard. sad news today too.
details : airbus crashes near small town of in alpes-de-haute-provence
at least they can not blame this one on russia.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
r . i . p to the passengers aboard the flight over france today & amp ; love to their
sorry for hear this. rip
to the passengers on board and i offer my deepest condolences to the victims ' families.
that is sewed sad. r.i.p
oh god now i am scared !
why are we dealing with so many tragedies this week ? 😞😞😞😭😭😭
just heard. such terrible news. r.i.p. & amp ; love to everyone involved
so sad to hear about this and so close to home, too
just heard in the news what happened ..... so tragic rip
just read the sad news.
with the tragedy , try to remember captain patrick sonderheimer , who tried to kick down the door and save
. my mind has been replaying his desperate horror since i first read the news.
we also need to think of all the rescue workers who are risking their own lives.
spot on. lots of people helping.
breaking here is a photo from helicopter of the crash area /france2 journalists
sincerest condolences to all the families. i feel so sorry for the rescuers it will be difficult.
if we use this on kola channel 5 in lost angels ?
. here is a photo from helicopter of the crash area. france2journalists
where is this crash location on a map ?
my thoughts are with the friends and family of the passengers of germanwings flight 4u9525 .
that is so scary i was just on a germanwings flight
wait wt did i miss ?
it is very sad hope none of your friends/family, were there.
apparently a plane crashed in france, check reedit
not the best news knowing ill be traveling by plane soon
look , if obama had cut taxes on the rich , then they would all buy private jets and flight
cruel but get the very valid point.
we do not deserve to better safety. the dead need tax breaks.
your tweet makes no sense. flight safety chiefly emanates from accidents.
love your stuff but this one is too soon.
there is this pilot had a secret gay torment. we cause all disasters, natural or artificial.
photo : another image of crash site from . ( pic via ) -
rt photo another image of crash site from. (pic via) - ”
rt photo another image of crash site from. (pic via) -
it is recycled. now bore off
photo another image of crash site from. (pic via) - ”
photo another image of crash site from. (pic via) - ”
relatives of those who died on board germanwings flight 9525 gathered near the crash site :
condolences with may blessed them with peace and patience.
ditto such an invasion of their grief.
relatives of those who died on board germanwings 9525 gathered near crash site :
my heart aches for i know your pain.
tough tough day for the families !!
so sad and tragic. i could not imagine the feeling. god blesses these people
because that would work. not
rt relatives of those who died on board germanwings flight gathered near the crash site :
so god bless them.
thank goodness the media was there to snap their photo to share with all of us !!!!!
praying for this heart broken families. god bless them and give them comfort and peace.
germanwings flight that crashed in french alps had 144 passengers and 6 crew on board , airline is ceo says
prayers are with the families sad#
my heart goes out to the families involved. stay strong !
sincerest sympathies from to the families and friends of all whom have been lost.
flight that crashed in french alps had 144 passengers and 6 crews on board ” 🙏🙏🙏
i am horrified at the anti-catalan and anti-german tweets coming from spanish trolls on twitter . i will not rt
ignore if they report it
we are quite used to them.
do not give them the satisfaction ... ignore them
follow our live coverage of the flight 4u 9525 crash in france :
came on ground and god jehovah hits them and the shepherd life was threatening
live coverage bad choice of words i think.
what a surprise the and putin. we need a mini royal navy fleet in the southern ocean
courage on vows time
follow our live coverage of the flight 4u 9525 crash in france : ”
it will be a dark day for us if plane crash confirmed says lufthansa
the exact same or just the model ?
a320 debris spotted at 2,000 m above sea level in alps - police source
as usual in next 20 minutes rt will show accident report, on by hand painted scheme.
to cap its liability , the airline has to prove it was without fault - aviation attorney justin green on
will go bankrupt after a massive lawsuit.
every pilot could get in by fingerprints only ?
24 hrs later it is all about money. of course
. is this a murder by computer hacking ?
why would there be he may have been quite calm having already made this sick decision.
too soon. what people are worth ... $160k. stop talking. move on.
playback of flight is available on pictures
thoughts are with their family and friends.
i know really sad news !
living next to due i hope it is not as bad as it looks like.
strange that the machine left it is fl near marseilles, but kept it is course.
playback of flight is available on ”
. 10 minutes falling from 40. 000 to 6. 800 feet.
at without any alert ? 😳
something does not sound right ? may god be with them all.
the turbulence is unbelievable at the moment coming back from spain god knows why !!
is that flight path the usual one for going to due ?
seems it went down in 9 minutes.
it is so very painful ...
dreadful news about the germanwings crash . impossible to tell cause from flightradar info , so let is not speculate
what do yo think about the descent rate ? looks like an emergency do not you think ?
did you fly am ?
according to guardian newspaper ' pilot confusion ' ... giving further rise to the theory of hypoxia
well said. nothing worse than armchair investigators at a time like this.
do not assume anything from if they are saying this !
plane was apparently 24 years old, does this matter for passenger planes ?
rescue teams near crash site ( pics via )
rescue teams near crash site (pics via) ”
rescue teams near crash site (pics via) ”
rescue teams near crash site (pics via) … “ in
photos show emergency services in french alps after crash
deepest thoughts and condolences to the families of the victims !!
god be with the families and first res ponders.
i am just laughing at the bakery !
... because it is in the mountains and they have not reached it yet perhaps ?
awful rt photos show emergency services in french alps after crash
photos show emergency services in french alps after crash ”
they are not at the actual crash site, calm down.
you are clearly as mad as a bag of hyenas so i will bid you good day.
hope they all stay difficult terrain and awful situation to go very sad !
photos show emergency service sin french alps after crash
can not see the plane ✈.
photos show emergency services in french alps after crash ”
just another day in the cabal run world ! and are imminent ! happy new world !
french air force boeing c-135fr stratotanker flying over crash site
an aerial refueling aircraft ...
and other plane with no call sign is around
i am not an aircraft pro
holding pattern.
and another flight as well ....
your servers are having a rough time
probably for refueling jet fighter in the area.
why a and not an e-3f to help local response units ? //
air force boeing c-135fr stratotanker flying over crash site ”
flight with at least 142 passengers and crew of six goes down in the alps region .
mt flight wit at least 142 passengers and crew of 6 goes down n da alps
we are shocked and devastated . our deepest sympathy goes out to the families of all the victims . our
plane crash in the french alps - for those asking
so sad to hear that ........
do follow us on for the latest updates of the ill-fated
this picture is wrong though as the location of the crash is nowhere near there !
r.i.p. my sincere condolences to colleagues and families .
my sincere condolences to colleagues and families. ”
playback of flight with speed and altitude graph is available on
what is your thoughts on this crash from the data we have alex ?
playback of flight speed and altitude graph is available on
rt playback of flight with speed and altitude graph is available on ”
a stall at 400 ants ?
the graph suggests at the final that at 7000f the plane stabilized at same altitude ... right ?
looks like a if it was intentional speed would go up ...
playback of flight with speed and altitude graph is available on ”
but it is strange that they would not deviate right knowing they were flying straight into the
on flight is shown as canceled. only changed a few minutes ago.
you have to be a speshul kind of pilot to stall at 400kts, plane would shatter instantly
you can stall at any speed, speed has nothing to do with stalling.
let is wait to see if they confirm or not the debris ...
playback of flight with speed and altitude graph is available on ”
any ideas from your side looking at the precious graphs and data ?
i am not discussing it is obvious the plane would over stress, j
i agree that it was a hijacking.
or an end of data feed ... not good
but there are reports saying debris were found ...
flight speed amp ; altitude v
looks like a possible end of data feed to me.
playback of flight with speed and altitude graph is available on ”
just that speed has nothing to do.
planet ; “ : playback of flight with speed-altitude graph ”
rt playback of flight with speed and altitude graph is available on ”
lets just say a serious malfunction.
you are right. i am used to jets not turbofans.
image : flightradar24 has this as the plane is last position . -
its seems almost like a controlled decent, 3500 feet per min is fast but not overall fast
photo : the area where crashed : prads-haute-bleone -
good luck trying to land a plane on that.
just ahead : could what happened with plane happen in the u.s. ? panel weighs in next on .
what was that trailer for ? i was in the bathroom. .... anyone ?
keep on the show. he is one of the best.
sadly it might. too much stress these days. sad for all those murdered.
could. are flight attendants trained to fly the plane ? trained to defend themselves ?
good evening i would unfortunately yes it could
great time to create a scandal just saw obama was involved
fm on in : terrible news . our thoughts are with those who must fear for the lives of their
watch her sex video or have sex with her free here all free+18
read my condolence toot * darken school fur info !
french pm says he fears those aboard the airbus a320 jetliner may be dead .
terrible news. prayers to their families.
prayers with there family members and their loved ones
another plane down .... is it time for concern ? ?
pea note is not the pm
there was also the plane that putin had shot down.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
that is so tragic my heart goes out to the families !
pm says he fears those aboard the airbus a320 jetliner may be dead.
black n ugly u night u do not even belong in nycfdems fyi
pm fucking retarded ass cnn.
subscribe to our twitter list for latest reports on ' crash
3 places where one can comment, with hefty navigation, just for starters
i am so shocked how come
really using a plane crash to get followers ?
seriously it is not a live sports ' event - it is a tragedy.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
advertising off a tragedy you are fucking pond life
i did my duty and decided to follow for the time being
subscribe to our twitter list for latest reports on ' crash ”
subscribe to our twitter list for latest reports on ' crash ”
victims and from barcelona-dusseldorf found the plane emergencies are there now.
are you really advertising for subscribers on the back if this plane crash ?
what we do and do not know about germanwings flight 4u9525
you love planes so much ❤️✈️👉👌
what we do and do not know about germanwings flight 4u9525 ” anything. the end
we are now tracking helicopters in the area where went down
that is quite far from the last ads-b position
its too far away from the crash site
are now tracking helicopters in the area where went down ”
. now tracking rescue helicopters in area where went down
update yesterday took exactly the same route /
that is because it was flying the company route
and ... how exactly is a plane, taking a certain air route, breaking news ?
: hollande expresses isolidarity ' with families of a320 airbus victims
who was on that airplane ?? do not trust government !!
expresses solidarity and “ sorry “ about all ... about his action too.
as you hear reports on the germanwings crash , remember to be patient . the truth takes time .
you guys are the best !
thank you for the public service announcement. i voted for you in the brackets.
bull. a frenzied media never did its job better than a calm, professional one.
: a helicopter has located the airbus a320 crash scene - officials
rt a helicopter has located the airbus a320 crash scene - officials
last few positions of the flight plotted on a map
why does distance then decrease, then massively decrease ? say something ?
update crash here is the 3d flight path from flightaware
update crash here is the 3d flight path from flight aware ”
update crash here is the 3d flight path from flight aware ”
update crash here is the 3d flight path from flight aware ”
update crash here is the 3d flight path from flight aware …
update crash here is the 3d flight path from flight aware ”
rt here is the 3d flight path from flight aware
notice the altitude did not change with the height of the terrain ! altimeter error doomed this flight.
french president françois hollande says he does not believe there will be any survivors of crash
rt president says he does not believe there will be any survivors of crash ”
president says he does not believe there will be any survivors of crash ”
the question who was inboard ?
location of plane crash .
bull or bear fargo discusses being a “ bear “
pilots made a distress call. “ : location of plane crash. ”
just featured you on follow us
nope location of plane crash. ”
no survivors are expected from the airbus a320 crash , the french president says .
prayers to all the families from kentucky.
hate waking up to this. heartbreaking rt : no survivors are expected from airbus a320 crash
rt no survivors are expected from the airbus a320 crash, the french president says.
such a tragedy for such a safe airline carrier.
no survivors are expected from the airbus a320 crash, the french president says. ”
our more deeply condolences to all the families.
that is terrible ..........
tragic. praying for the victims and their families.
how can news say expect no survivors if they have not even reached the scene !!!!!!
this is why i am terrified of planes
now someone seems to be found alive ? via t24
last position of the airbus a320 passenger jet that crashed in the french alps
president says it is likely not to find survivors ....
where on earth do you get these commentators from ? they know nothing about aviation or a320. embarrassing
terrifying news. we continue to pray for their relatives !
live a french airforce c-135 still over the area of crash .
where is this from ? thanks
live a air force c-135 still over the area of crash. ”
video - breaking news - germanwings plane crashes en route from barcelona to dusseldorf
rt breaking plane crashes ' en route from barcelona to dusseldorf
airbus 320 was on its way from barcelona to dusseldorf . disappeared off radar after 11am local time
airbus 320 was on its way from barcelona to dusseldorf. disappeared off radar. ”
german chancellor angela merkel " deeply shaken " by crash , spokesperson says
chancellor terkel to travel to crash site ”
that she got to be on tv ???!!!
there is a thought crash seems suspicious. controlled descent ??? hmmm ........
chancellor angela terkel to travel to crash site ”
rt chancellor angela terkel to travel to crash site ”
and the point of this is .........
my heart goes out to all the victims ' family.
chancellor to travel to crash site
chancellor terkel to travel to crash site ”
: expresses his solidarity to families of crash victims
he is ? i did not know ...
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
anything for the families he carpets bombed ?
check his voting behavior at the time.
update : latest images of the rescue operation of . ( pic via : cédric c . /actusecours ) -
first images reported to show search-and-rescue mission in french alps v
thanks for this did not know about the twitters !
images of the rescue operation of. pic via by cedric c. /actusecours
helicopters and emergency vehicles are arriving in southern france .
helicopters and emergency vehicles are arriving in southern france. ” 😰
helicopters and emergency vehicles are arriving in southern france. ”
a airbus plane carrying at least 148 people crashed in mountainous southeastern france ...
helicopters and emergency vehicles are arriving in southern france. ”
. were there any on this plane ?
full csv file with positions and altitude of flight
apparently some other news station has questioned whether its normal to fly over mountains ! help
wonder why was it at 38,000 ft ? previous flights never went above 36, usually 34.
squawk 7700 was never shown !!!
nearly every flight i have been on has reached 38,000
altitude is assigned by at and 38 ' is completely normal cruising altitude.
and these people keep their jobs !!?
have not seen one yet but i think it is “ raw “ as logged from 47 different receivers
it consistent is not it ?
all the hallmarks right there. ap disengagement would explain the comparatively steady rod.
. look at no emergency squawk, consistent rate of descent and speed. hypoxia ?
full file with positions and altitude of flight ”
no course deviation away from mountains after descent started. appears like total loss of pilot control !
do not let the facts get in the way of a top news story ...
hypoxia cannot be ruled out ...
did you receive a reply to that ?
rt full file with positions and altitude of flight
no heading change and speed is just like the pilots were, at least, unconscious
and same not turning towards an airport.
i hate to speculate but what they are reporting on the news is not consistent with that data ...
developing : flight log of gwi9525 is airbus a320 last recorded movements
no the wings are aluminum and they rust from the inside out : and
who on earth would design a plane with plastic wings
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
just heard on lufthansa is ceo is likely on the flight
developing flight log of gwi9525 is airbus a320 last recorded movements ” horrible news
breaking -4c on the crash site . snow and wind expected in few mins .
breaking on the crash site. snow and wind expected in few minds.
breaking on the crash site. snow and wind expected in few minds ”
last known location of crashed germanwings plane in french alps :
last known location of crashed germanwings plane in french alps : ”
last known location of crashed germanwings plane in french alps : ”
airbus ... same aircraft as recent air asia crash
" no survivors " from crash in the alps , french transport minister says
. hitting a mountain at 460 mph would have that effect
no survivors “ from crash in alps, french transport minister says ”
they tend to say 20-25 years is old.
catastrophic engine failure or pilot suicide can not be ruled out of course a bit like mh370
it is too early to judge whether the pilot error or not
for a plane with metal fatigue ? still could be controls ?
very sad and terrible. condolence to the affected families and authorities.
yeah. aviation is safe though. bbc ' experts ' are wrong
we can guess. but let is see what pilots overheard in flight ??
read pilot commercial too. good. but language skills are helpful too in foreign forum
let is just wait and see ! watch to read what pilots think.
so i pray for the families
another plane so sad 😢
no survivors “ from crash in the alps -french transport minister
is the most technical aircraft, all airbus are electronic basically. boeing is more fly by wire
rapid decent at the end of route bit odd.
control gear was computers. then modified for wire. pilots did not like airbus at first.
like pressure. it was at highest.
thumbs up for sharing that tweet. it is now live on my !
was oldest 1990 delivered.
if they know all dead so quickly then fuselage is intact.
2/2 on 4u 9525 . if our fears are confirmed , this is a dark day for germanwings . "
a very dark day. prayers are with you all. god bless you !!!
what we know so far about crash with bbc is
so sad. looks unlikely there will be any survivors. cnn
missing info on flight board very profound indeed.
what we know so far about crash with bbc is ” so shocking & amp ; sad
what we know so far about crash with bbc is ”
news very poor coverage. presenters very wooden.
hope they find the survivors. sending thoughts and prayers to all
i see the tin foil hat people are out today,
what we know so far about crash with bbc is ”
airlines begin requiring 2 crew members in cockpit at all times after crash :
they might wanna consider wearing like former astronaut, , to cut down on too !
i thought this was already proper protocol ...
flightpath of germanwings a320
i have been to with in january this year 😳 so sad for all the relatives !
flightpath of crashed in the alps w/148 people aboard. (if via)
flight path of germanwings a320 ” wow. that is odd.
flight path of a320 ”
flight path of germanwings a320 ” deep condolence to all families
an airbus a320 plane operated by germanwings crashed in france near digne les bains , french prime minister says .
my god. what a tragedy !
is practicing racial discrimination of black works ...
our thoughts and prayers are with their families.
make me laugh a go about my day .... push on pussies this the internet
you sound like a worm that wants to be relevant a really you not
yeah that is what i am thinking since everyone will be on high alert
more relevant than you will ever be protesting in front of a shop over imaginary racial discrimination
it could be better to have zero pilots in a cockpit instead of one :
this kind of thing might speed the development
this is the latest of all slate headlines.
yes of hand our lives over to robots
watch our live and rolling coverage of plane crash in southern france :
transport minister alien vitalizes says there are no survivors ”
wait said there are 1 survivors !
loud noise what means noise !?
another crash mt “ : french minister says there are no survivors ”
very sad indeed may the flight passengers rest in peace. amen !
and as 75 with spanish surnames
watch our live and rolling coverage of plane crash in southern france :
transport minister alien vitalizes says there are no survivors
president there were german and turkish victims.
watch our live and rolling coverage of plane crash in southern france :
there was loud noise and then suddenly nothing. “ - witness tells are
i never flying with it. lol but then again when time is up. sigh
did not you forget as well !
last known position of germanwings flight :
reporting no distress call made ?
the planes track record is as sad as the crash may the people rip
last known position of germanwings flight : ”
any banker or vs on that plane ?
germanwings flight 4u9525 crashes in french alps : weather calm at time of crash , debris found - live updates
airbus with attractive tail fin design crashes in alps : live updates
good point. i must ponder this now.
if we were meant to fly, evolution would have give us wings.
of the crash trough the ski slope of la four d'allow / 3 leeches
crash & amp ; response sites & amp ; live updates & amp ; reactions
crash amp ; response sites & amp ; live updates & amp ; reactions ”
watch live : france 24 coverage of germanwings plane crash -
what is the point of showing family members crying at barcelona airport ? not necessary.
each day tragic .
so god prayers lifted.
prayers and thoughts with than families lost
breaking : germanwings airbus a320 en route from barcelona to dusseldorf crashes in southern french alps -- french pm .
thoughts and prayers to those on board the germanwings plane and their families.
just in airbus en route from barcelona to dusseldorf crashes in southern french alps. l via
wow. a airline.
we feel sorry for the immediate families and countries affected by the tragedy
sad day to aviation industry. condolences n prayers to affected families
36 minutes after not news any more
so distressing for all the victims, their families and loved ones ! 🙏
crash : how did co-pilot keep the captain out of the cockpit ? via
another or atheist terrorist who wont be labeled as terrorist but physio. is not it ?
this will prompt major changes in aircraft safety.
now crazy people in the world know that crew members have the access code for the cockpit
something happened inside the aircraft. check every passenger is background ... there is more to this.
he locked the door from the inside ?!?!?!
was it him ... a look alike ?
i think so ... (/ _
yeah you so i think too ...
i can not stop it is really shocking ...
the ghouls are on it pretty quick eh.
i thought it was a second lock kick in
he heals the brokenhearted and binds up their wounds ps 147
germanwings has darkened its logo on twitter after crash in french alps - latest :
hi you working 4 abc news now ?
is what the is will not say about is terrorist commie daddy
has darkened its logo on twitter after crash in french alps - latest : ”
flightradar24 has this as the plane is last position .
has this as the plane is last position. ”
reminds me a bit too much of the helios crash in greece when everyone was unconscious
rate of descent very though ground speed suggests it was not stalled + falling out of sky
not intentional altitude at that rate of descent i would think.
very but was it flying low or on its way down when that reading was taken ?
yep. that is what i was thinking.
yes. not nice at all
it is the vertical speed of -3584fpm and the speed of the aircraft of 378kt which is most concerning
far too low rt : flightradar24 has this as the plane is last position.
rt has this as the plane is last position. ”
fox news alert : search and rescue underway ... teams headed to germanwings plane crash site in french alps
amp this is why i do not fly
the play by play speculation is not necessary, please move along.
will report live from the scene tomorrow ?
do you have questions about the crash ? cnn experts answer :
airliners can be hacked and flown remotely -- with no possibility of override by the crew.
either that or diapers. it is good enough for astronauts.
more reports point to & amp ; his conversion to
considering the size of airline bathrooms, can not there be one in the cockpit ?
.... that is what i want to know !
why does anyone believe this bulls#*t story about a pilot committing suicide ?
agree. switched transponder to emergency. 35, near where 4u9525 began falling
23 year book national geospatial intelligence agency employee on flight ... …
why not add fingerprint scanners in the cockpit requiring both pilots to override taking it out of autopilot ?
rt do you have questions about the crash ? cnn experts answer :
a look at the cockpit-security measures that prevented germanwings pilot from reentering :
it is time to know your pilot is religion first before you board
was a false flag. dying for a false flag. crétins d americans.
germanwings airbus a320 climbed to 38,000 feet before starting to descend and lose signal
and who is to blame ??? russia ??? i would not be surprised if peak say ......
same scenario with ?
airbus climbed to 38,000 feet before starting to descend and lose signal ”
airbus climbed to 38,000 feet before starting to descend and lose signal ”
airbus climbed to 38,000 feet before starting to descend and lose signal ”
can not describe my sadness. flight 447 was already a shock.
germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps : what we do and do not know
airbus crashes in french alps : what we do and do not know ”
airbus crashes in french alps : what we do and do not know ” 😥
single-aisle airbus a320s are the workhorses of the global fleet & amp ; proliferate across european skies
but almost ? should not appear on fr24 so much !!!
same in and asia ...
skies would certainly look very different with the a320 !
hallo i hope you visit labor its amazing city in egypt pleas check this site greeting montana.
is and 737 is flying nearly all short- to medium-range routes on globe
what about the theory of hypoxia
ashame what happened to terrible tragic news
is too. even cyprus.
do we know the the crash
not yet clear if any uk nationals in crash ; thoughts with relatives , downing street says
victims from and turkey
out thoughts and pray for them
in never understand why it is more important or relevant if brits are on board, still a tragedy
who cares if they are uk nationals or not ? 150 people have just fucking died offs
john could be on board.
but i am it does not mean i only care about britain
does it matter then if no one was an uk national ? weird comment
a news agency based in a country will no doubt report on their countries government investigating dead nationals
thoughts amp prayers to all the families affected
right u are mate right u are.
press conference at 3 pm german time
and not all pilots are “ him “ - regardless of commentators comments
because it is the b “ bc talking from a british perspective.
the world knows is spain sorry, but you are all spanish.
would matter if you had any family holidaying in europe and can not get hold of them.
this morning my thoughts and prayers are with all the people on board the flight and their families .
praying that my brother was not on it
germanwings flight from barcelona to dusseldorf has crashed in french alps . r.i.p.
they used the speed break to full.
could you expand the last pic please ? can not read the digits ?
horror flight from barcelona to d waldorf crashed. ”
all my prayers to their families.
unconfirmed : this image , reportedly from local newspaper le dauphine , also circulating .
there must be still snow at that height.
this descent does not signal rapid decor isn where pilot would spiral in to balance gs.
my god if that is real then i have not seen anything so sad for a very long time
i can see people down there with backpack ?
if chart is impacting terrain at 400kts could account for size of the debris
seems a bit green for the alps in late march, unless something in camera settings is wrong
unfortunately it is john.
if that is the plane it is one very scattered debris field.
unconfirmed this image, reportedly from local newspaper le dauphin, also circulating. ”
unfortunately you can recognize some dead bodies there ...
i am flying on an a-320 in a few hours. yikes !
weather deteriorating for search & amp ; rescue operation with snow above 1500m in s french alps . cf
bad maintenance due to cut back expenses
threat the life of god jehovah shepherd deserve what happened
a tribute to the lives lost on flight 9525 next on
wonderful considered coverage with. thank you
why no info yet on pilot is lover and family life recently as vital re suicide
stop this at museum story about the plane crash.
tragic indeed a tribute to the lives lost on flight 9525 next on ”
... they should be able to take over control is for emergency situation is via satellite !
put the bathroom in the cockpit make it bigger. maybe block first class lav for pilots only
a tribute to the lives lost on flight 9525 next on ”
what we know about the germanwings crash so far
what we know about the germanwings crash so far ”
very very sad. prayers to all the loved one's inboard.
germanwings airbus a320 crashes in french alps - live updates
airbus crashes in french alps - live updates ” awful news.
my thoughts and prayers are with the passengers of and their loved ones.
why do these catastrophes happen ? awful news about the plane that has crashed . thoughts are with those affected
seems to be a very unlucky couple of years for planes. these poor families 😔
its so going to affect a lot of people
here is why the germanwings crash scenario is less likely in the u.s.
here is why the germanwings crash scenario is less likely in the u.s. ” 👎 seriously ?
have you forgotten 9. 11 already ?
the cockpit door not that unbreakable
not really accurate. the remaining pilot could knock the fa unconscious. that is not the solution.
i wonder if there is a toilet in the pilot is compartment in case of illness ?
. here is why the germanwings crash scenario is less likely in the u.s. ”
here is why the germanwings crash scenario is less likely in the u.s. ”
really it is not a competition ...
the twitter accounts and have turned their logos black .
the twitter accounts and have turned their logos black. gesture
the twitter accounts and have turned their logos black. ”
sorry to our brothers and sisters who were on
of the passengers involved for care and assistance . everyone at germanwings and lufthansa is deeply shocked and saddened by
one more air tragedy. sad that a german wings flight crashed with 150 people on board
breaking last few positions of the flight plotted on a map /
breaking last few positions of the flight plotted on a map / ”
breaking last few positions of the flight plotted on a map / ”
check out the playback. strange how it defended. not too rapidly either
oh i do hope that is not over an area of sparse population
breaking news : germanwings flight gwi18g crashes in french alps :
its actually flight because the gwi18g is a plane registration no.
sad news. my prayers for them
oh my breaking news : germanwings flight gwi18g crashes in french alps : ”
follow the live within the page for up-to-the-minute updates on crashed flight :
plane debris had already been found just in : germanwings flight gwi18g crashes in french alps
is happening germanwings flight gwi18g crashes in french alps : ”
here we go again. my prayers.
another plane : breaking news : germanwings flight gwi18g crashes in french alps :
breaking video of the crash area
breaking video of the crash area ”
last position germanwings a320 via
6,800 ft is extremely low.
helicopters are bringing bodies to a school gymnasium near site of a320 crash .
wreckage was spread out indicating some catastrophic event b4 crash.
so my heart goes out to all the family of those lost souls
that is just is not it ? rescuers are not even there yet. i call bullshit
not great to say that then considering victims families horrific grief
do not lie. the authorities said they have not got there yet.
so sad let is pray for them ! 🌹🌹
your are wrong it is only for palestinian
a airbus plane carrying at least148 people crashed in mountainous southeastern france.
no actually the security forces are going to the crash area.
they are saying could take hrs to reach crash site so how can they already have found bodies ?
so what were the errors ? what happened ? did they find the black box ?
are the president said that it will take hours due to snow.
is capital of & amp ; palestinians should try2live together in tolerance camp ; peace.
so sad. may their souls rest in peace.
later info talk show about 146 passengers and 6 crews
is capital of forever
it is a tragic day for france & amp ; for europe . i want to express solidarity with family
incredible crash how contact can be lost ?
breaking : and have changed their logos to blac as a mark of respect - flightc
i want see this covered in
thanks for have a great wednesday (insight by
germanwings flight 4u9525 crashes in french alps : a wouldark day ' for lufthansa if fears realised - live
awful news. so sad.
well now i no longer feel confident about flying lufthansa in 2 months ...
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
flight crashes in french alps : a would ark day ' for lufthansa ”
“ the horror . it’s all there in the sound of lubitz breathing . ” on the crash :
excellent piece by on mt :
why did the kamikaze kill all those germans ?
moment on all levels.
intense read the horror -all there in the sound of cubits breathing. the crash : ”
. it did not matter who he was. what mattered was his plan.
. the screams of the passengers “ off
story offers us only a cosmic meaninglessness and bewilderment. ' ”
photo : this 2014 file photo shows a germanwings airbus 320 parked at the airport in duesseldorf , germany :
this 2014 file photo shows a germanwings airbus 320 parked at the airport in dusseldorf, germany : via
no way a plane parked at an airport with the cargo door open not even the accident aircraft
airbus is first crash of airliner on french soil since concorde disaster :
may rest their soul in peace in heaven ....
horrible thoughts are with the family, s
must be celebrating something. maybe how he gives aids to babies
no wonder are often so violent ... “ has to work “ that way.
oh you are remembering the innocent soul or you are making fun of her with ?
oh such tragedy. thoughts with the deceased families.
not if god is omnipotent ...
chapter 2. will not understand it, but since you asked.
is what can not layabout is terrorist commie daddy
if is almighty he caused/allowed this
rt airbus is first crash of airliner on french soil since coconcordeisaster :
then what you idiot it is like asking why do not people live forever.
technically airways accident yr 2008 off the coast of canet-plage was also on french soil.
airbus is first crash of airliner on french soil since concorde disaster :
that is a sad record nobody wanted to see broken
a airbus plane carrying at least 148 people crashed in mountainous southeastern france ...
or it could be your science ?
forget god for a second. why would id this plane incident happen ?
the reasons why they have not yet released the names of the pilots of the germanwings plane suddenly seem so
that is how i read it, but i was not sure.
did not you love how first thing they said was that it was not terrorism ?
how could they possibly know ? probably just means ' not alarmed ' but ....
yep ... it is just devastating ... cannot believe someone would make that choice with over 100 innocent people
. my suspicions are growing.
maybe the pilot that did not open the door had a heart attack or something.
how so please be specific
well yeah. it could be anything. sounding like pilot suicide with the new info.
yep. it is either terrorism or suicide by plane.
can not they heard the pilot in the cockpit breathing right until impact.
the term amass murder ' was used by one commented
sounds to me like lufthansa is covering up a pilot suicide case
i know. if it is very selfish 😪
i have learned about the plane crash in france . our thoughts are w/ families of passengers . eu services
also gave some details about. share them.
hallo i hope you visit labor its amazing city in egypt pleas check this site greeting montana.
very may their souls rest in perfect peace.
crash : arrivals board at airport
crash arrivals board at airport ” rip
crash arrivals board at airport is too awful. prayers
i will keep the families of the family members on board in my another sad day
crash arrivals board at airport ”
wow seeing this is very chilling
crash arrivals board at airport ” this gets me every time
co-pilot of germanwings intentionally crashed the plane but he is white so he is not a terrorist .
you dpt header from ?
of course they would. he is white. omputih, such, back, julia.
we do not know for sure but what we know is they out ruled terrorism immediately.
the main point is if he is a muslim, everyone called him a terrorist. or jihads ...
did not get it anywhere ? i just read the news and “ conspiracies “
i mean where did you get that statement from
sarcasm the way mainstream media has been portraying acts like this over the years.
. but what is your source ?? or is it sarcasm ?
he did that because apparently “ he had depression and was suicidal.
exactly. but he is white so he has depression.
yes. he is white so he has depression.
yeah but he is white so he has depression.
i bet they planted the wouldepression ' report.
" if our fears are confirmed , this is a dark day for lufthansa , " ' parent company says
what is wrong with you ?
flight path indicates plane heading for zurich. over the alps. unusual ?
probably a dark day for lufthansa. but the world is already seeing a lot of dark days.
thanks. greetings from
father of modern reform brahmanism is sir rod dam amanda batista
flying is still generally safer than driving
translation oh no our stock price !
thanks. greetings and good wishes.
awful business. thoughts are with the families and friends.
this picture from a helicopter sent to the alps plane crash site shows how remote the area is
do not expect anything from them lot. keep your content to yourself i recon
just be thankful you are not being doorstepped to suicide. ”
rt picture from a helicopter sent to the alps plane crash site shows how remote the area is
just be thankful you are not being doorstepped to suicide.
of course it’s sky !
did you guys actually take it ? credit lies with photographer not 1st to tweet it
its not remote. ... its foggy !!!
did you take the picture ?
seeing painful speculation very early . very little is known . stay calm , care for victims , their families
you just got yourself a new follower
is this version of the a320 capable of transmitting data to satellites similar to af ai330
you just got yourself a new follower
our thoughts are with the families and friends of those aboard the germanwings flight 9525
our thoughts are with the families and friends of those aboard the germanwings flight 9525 ”
today is flight path of is exactly matching yesterday is flight path until the moment when signal was lost
on an plane caused it to decent 4000ft per min in november last year ......
strange nobody mentioned the t “ word ...
compare the altitude for us on both day
any news on helicopter search ?
just saw helicopter fly around the crash site on abc news.
why does the altitude chart show a large decent and then a large accent on the chart ?
how do the altitudes compare ?
apart from the 10 minutes of descent beforehand.
the but not the altitude, clearly. what was the cruise altitude yesterday ?
what about the weather condition ?
i do not get it ... the flight descended 31 . 000 feet in 10 minutes and did not change
what was the distress call ? did it squawk 7700 ?
loss of cabin pressure. controlled descent, loss of oxygen, none to pick up plane.
sounds like the pilots had no control over the plane.
with slowing indicates engine failure. not many makes sense here, though.
not but there are unconfirmed reports of the pilot reporting a problem. we will see.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
the log shows no squawk.
fuck again lets hope he not goes for the ha trick
“ if our fears are confirmed , this is a dark day for lufthansa , ” says ceo of germanwings
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
crashed a320 airbus is 24 years old , id d-aipx , first flight was in november 1990
i am terrible taking off mate. should see me. held onto jews hand one time. haha
when i am coming home i do not care hahn
crashed airbus is 24 years old, id d-aipx, first flight was in november 1990
should not that of been on the scrapheap ???
breaking : a germanwings jet crashed in france as it traveled from barcelona to dusseldorf
it is better to take the high speed rail over there. safer too.
wow this is happening too much. scare to go on vacation.
crash of the germanwings flight is extremely unfortunate . we share the sorrow & amp ; pain of the families
really u come to me n give the prize
just free advice. he to le. or else go to hell.
r. i. p all those who died in the crash
you are a loser !
..... it is so sad ..... news ....
i think d. k. was not so important as the victims of german flight
you just got 1 place into our prize lottery ! go to our header link 2 claim
likely there will be " no survivors " in crash , french president francois hollande says . follow our coverage
likely there will be “ no survivors “ in crash, french president francois holland says.
sorry to those who lost their families and pals ...
such sad news
sounds like the president does not have a lot of hope
having covered extensively we believe valuable info may be delivered at airport
we are en route to rt : likely ' no survivors ' crash, french president holland
so sad. thoughts are with their families.
terrorist groups run and havana blew hotel king david killing british government staff.
horribly sad and as a frequent flier : terrifying news
germanwings crash : 3 different scenarios to unlock and lock the cockpit door
he was a veteran pilot.
or they can just hire robots !
crash : 3 different scenarios to unlock and lock the cockpit door ”
time to think about a bathroom, and surveillance cameras inside the cockpit.
crash 3 different scenarios to unlock and lock the cockpit door via
and even the most experienced can panic and forget things.
perhaps they were not surefire solutions, or he could have forgotten about them in panic.
false flag co pilot jeff could have kept the pilot out. need more evidence for conspiracy.
i am. and i do. you are just a young socialist. nvm. im done
crash 3 different scenarios to unlock and lock the cockpit door ”
3 different scenarios to unlock cockpit door
proves he could have unlocked door.
is times confirming this is a hoax/false flag ?
land of the spree rt : socialist, ha, thanks for the laugh.
thanks for the laugh.
stick to what you know. no assumptions.
germanwings a320 d-aipx is one of the oldest a320 with serial number 0147 and was delivered in nov 1990
mt is one of the oldest a320 and was delivered in 1990.
we have it in our database, but it is also available from several public databases
i thought it happens only in poor countries.
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
i thought only we use averaged aircraft.
because it has transponder which sends unique signal from aircraft with speed height information in mealtime
how was the at the time ? any idea ?
i know. not just clearly and let is wait to hear clearly why this crashed.
more is one of the oldest a320, it was delivered in 1990. via
ex plane called mannheim “
can you tell what it was squawking before it disappeared ?
airbus a320 crash : flight tracking data here :
rt airbus crash : flight tracking data here : ”
all my thoughts with passenger is and crew is families at this difficult moment
rt all my thoughts with passenger is and crew is families at this difficult moment ”
my thoughts and sympathy are with the families and friends.
more : jet belonged to germanwings low-cost , authorities confrm the crash , debris found
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
all 150 people on a plane which crashed in the alps are thought to have died
gosh that is so terrible !! may they rest in peace
. all 150 people on a plane which crashed in the alps are thought to ...
why no flight number on screen
the sad thing is that someone will get the blame for this one just like the other one
may god be with their loved one is in yet another tragic plane crash.
airport operator aena : crashed jet took off from barcelona airport at 0855 gmt
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
my oh my. very very very sad
everything we know about the germanwings plane crash in france
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
this video shows how the cockpit door of the crashed plane was designed to work
. i am pretty sure this story is a hoax.
thanks for the advert alongside such a serious subject. serious news organization ?
very interesting information thank u sky news
no matter how easy it is to do. a bit irresponsible to broadcast it
some follows for info on reported german plane crash in france : / / /
oh my god. god have mercy. may their souls rest in peace.
another air my fear of planes to friends, families, states
a320 airbus 24 yrs old , first flight was in november 1990
united states 003,186 march 26 1991 ! stratospheric welsbach seeding - metal oxides
did you not have enough characters to include lizards and jew s ?
150 feared dead in airbus crash . live coverage :
all think filth responsible .... until proven otherwise.
150 feared dead in airbus crash. live coverage : ”
i hope you show some respect in your stream today !
rescue workers gather in seyne , south-eastern france , near the site where a germanwings airbus a320 crashed .
they just confirmed no survivors. awful
unfortunately that is how it is looking ....
a plane crashed few hours ago in alps, 150 people in it
god be with them for what they will soon witness 😢
saw some tweets by sad.
hate to hear. those poor people ; _ ;
the term recovery personnel ' is maybe more apt ?
those poor ppm amp ; their families, my heart is w/them 😢
oh ... i need to catch up with news.
last position data of flight directly from flightradar24 database
is more than just a steep descent.
last position data of flight directly from flightradar24 database ”
looks like computer problem like few month ago
from what i see this is past nice and marseilles
to hold press conference at 10a et with the latest details on the plane crash .
this news out of the is very sad. however, there is more news to cover.
my prayers go out to the families and two babies : (
reports of 15-20 exchange students were inboard from this site :
turkey and other and middle eastern countries are ease to do business in ... praying for success
praying for all the families. such a shame
i do not believe we are able to communicate properly have great day
flying over the most rugged terrain in the region ?
. : our thoughts are with the families of the passengers on board of -
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
germanwings could face enormous legal liabilities in the crash that killed 150 people
for incompetence to leave an official 100% fit in your tests, should pay dearly for it
rt could face enormous legal liabilities in the crash that killed 150 people ”
family members of victims of crash arrive at barcelona is el prat airport
it breaks my heart. what a terrible tragedy.
so much for huh ? show some goddamn respect and stop taking pictures of grieving families !
why this pure voyeurism, no respect for their privacy and suffering. totally unnecessary.
well leave them be
i did not need to see this picture.
solidarity and respect for the families of the victims, god give them wisdom to bear this great loss
human emotions. my heart goes with these people who lost their love ones from this tragedy.
is it really necessary to photograph these people ?
is it necessary to show the grief of the family members ?
according to this is the actual plane that has crashed .
god all the best all people
any idea how old the plane was ?
so sad lord give the passenger is loved one is strength
update crash this is what we know about the germanwings airbus a320 plane crash so far
strange conditions. constant air continuous track. possible terrorism/hijack ?
. update crash this is what we know about the germanwings airbus a320 plane crash so far.
here is a recap of the key points so far in the alps plane crash . live updates :
. correction germanwings “ is the airline name.
so many people are making planes crash. some people are so selfish
a tribute to the lives lost in crash set to music from & amp ;
mt a tribute to the lives lost in crash set to music from & amp ; ”
a tribute lives lost in crash to music & amp ;
yes indeed may they r. i. p …….
french president hollande does not expect survivors from plane crash
how come he is so sure this early on ???
what sad news on the day when i started tweeting after several days !
all of those that were lost are in my thoughts and prayers today and always.
so sad rt french president does not expect survivors from plane crash ”
rt president does not expect survivors from plane crash
there were about 100 families … close enough to see the helicopters - on memorial
are not all depressed ? whats happening in yemen ?
tremendously sad. can not imagine how the loved ones must be feeling after today is news.
two gut-wrenching pieces about the crash : from the mind : from the heart :
thank you. excellent finds both of them.
my most sincere condolences to the victims of flight catastrophe and their relatives . no words can help but we
hallo i hope you visit labor its amazing city in egypt pleas check this site greeting montana.
family and friends of flight will be in my prayers . may god take care .
family and friends of flight will be in my prayers. may god take care. ”
rip with love to their families and friends ❤
yesterday took exactly the same route so yes it is a normal route !
why does it show low altitude around the same spot as the crash today ?
was the plane from yesterday’s flight the same that went down today ?
was following the same flight path as yesterday yesterday today
but no. it was at cruise altitude etc.
it is really weird that today is last reported position is exactly on the route.
i am no expert in meteorology but seems a bit breezy and grey here in the ground.
budgeted means there are short cuts in every area to make profit and the result is catastrophic
did fr see a 7700 squawk ?
really did you notice anything odd during that time today ?
was following same flight path as yesterday ”
french interior ministry : debris from airbus a320 at 2,000 m altitude
yeah i thanks for asking
debris from airbus a320 ” awful, awful news. really upsetting
man this sucks. and i am flying to barcelona in 2 weeks.
a very dark day in the aviation industry.
plane crash : what we know so far
plane crash what we know so far ” how awful 😔
plane crash what we know so far ”
our thoughts are with all the passengers and crew members on board flight and their loved ones .
my thoughts go too little engineering/maintenance plus pilot training against malfunctions that may occur.
my deepest condolences to the families of the victims of the flight that crashed in france this morning .
my deepest condolences to the families of the victims of the flight that crashed in france.
praying for germanwings a320 passengers & amp ; their families & gt ;
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
update crash the arrivals board at dusseldorf airport
update crash the arrivals board at dusseldorf airport
i they are waiting official information from germanwings
there is no info on that flight. what happened ?
so which flight number is this gwi9525 or are we talking about to different flights here ??
i see ... that is horrible ...
france is interior ministry says debris located in crash of germanwings flight in south france -
at least debris found. and not another mh370 kinda mystery. bless all souls on board flight
oh my god may their souls rest in peace, lord have mercy
nearly perfect loop around crash area by ec-135 .
going around for its fourth run now, hopefully we will get some images soon ?
let us hope it was not related to terror.
nearly perfect loop around crash area by ec-135. ”
plane finder corrected it. kc-135
neither the air force nor the french army are operating ec 135 helicopters.
flight path of originates at issues afb, south.
most likely a right ? as ec is retired, possibly a database confusion
it is not an held, it is a kc-135r. possibly providing comes relay support.
this has more it's than any self of mine keys aircraft twitter
aerodrome maybe attempted a landing there
not suggested ec135 lifter, retired in 2000 globally
it is going around for another run
airport is just in the circle. its a pretty big strip.
back around on a third run
hopefully will provide us with images soon, it is going for its fourth flyby
read the photo please. ec-135 lifter, not helicopter.
not to spec, was still flying & amp ; photographed in 2013.
mt nearly perfect loop around crash area by ec-135.
very very visual from the air, very active landing strip
just landed , barcelona to kaunas . found out about the germanwings airplane tragedy . our thoughts are with the
breaking plane crashes in france, up to 150 believed dead
thoughts and prayers to the families and friends of the passengers of germanwings flight 9525 . beyond …
i love i will pray before i sleep and when i wake up i will also pray 🙏🙏🙌🙌🙌
keep quiet for a minute ....
that must seriously hit stay strong brother.
i know why this touches you as deeply as it does. thank you for sharing your past.
update altitude & amp ; speed chart of
update altitude amp ; speed chart of ”
la descent female control. : altitude & amp ; speed chart of ”
update altitude amp ; speed chart of ”
controlled descent rt update altitude & amp ; speed chart of
so sad update altitude & amp ; speed chart of ”
black box data released in 48 hrs but data not released after 8 months why ?
i do not sorry
should not comment actually cause i can not read your article without glasses. later and btw thanks 😳
obvious putin troll & amp ; liar as data released 6 months ago -
and you are troll
does structural damage caused by high-energy objects that penetrated aircraft from outside proves any putin is involvement ?
released signed with the junta in kiev to suppress unfavorable evidence bullshitter
have they recovered the memory card yet ?
if one pilot leaves , somebody else is supposed to go in so there are always 2 people - on
why did pilot leave cockpit and for what purpose ? how long was he gone ?
do we know pilot identities ?
airline this really seems intentional-this is not an accident
the issue of cameras in the cockpit is more relevant than ever.
turns tragedy into frenzy of terrifying possibilities. terrorism = publicity designed to terrorize
terrorism or pilot take your pick.
do we know there was not a second person in there ?
this does not sound like an accident anymore.
with new info this crash does not sound like an accident
when will they give us the pilots ' names ?
gotta be right. never one person isolated.
and i have just heard the news of the germanwings plane crash😞thoughts go out to those involved😞
i am from and this is so sad rip
just saw this too sad now and i have testing tomorrow 😣
they did not deserve that !
hope the families are and everyone will be paying their respects unless they have no respect for others
germanwings has posted the following updated statement via twitter :
that is so sad. god bless them & amp ; their families.
has posted the following updated statement via twitter : ”
my thoughts , prayers , and deepest condolences go out to the passengers and families of flight
hallo i hope you visit labor its amazing city in egypt pleas check this site greeting montana.
congrats on your tweet !
congrats on your tweet !
these are the cliffs rescuers are up against in . a brand new hour of begins now
why keep calling them rescuers ?
. why are there rescuers ? i thought everybody died.
i do not think they are rescuers at this point
rescuers not quite.
here is what we know so far about the flight that crashed in the french alps
may god bless everyone on the a320 and their families. god speed.
horrifying. according to the news it is highly unlikely that anyone survived.
she is an army soldier so traveling is a career thing.
shocking. may all passengers and crew survived this horrifying crash.
very tragic. my daughter just came back from germany too.
it was an act of terrorism that caused the plane to crash. there are no survivors
glad she is home safe ...
: the age of the a320 ( 24 years ) is not particularly unusual , though it is at the
thank you welcome to another night/day on twitter about this disaster.
what we know about low-cost airline germanwings whose plane crashed in the french alps today
defect in security or pilot error !
control and pilot mistakes are major cause of crash.
lufthansa and germanwings have established a telephone hotline . the toll-free 0800 11 33 55 77 number is available to
sad day. my condolences to all those affected by this tragic event
bad news to all of us. r.i.p.
breaking emergency units staging in seyne-les-alpes , near crash site /
rt breaking emergency units in seyne-les-alpes / ”
. emergency units staging in seyne-les-alpes, near crash site /
the reminded me of this
breaking mt ever units seyne-les-alpes near 4u9525 crash ”
what we know so far about the crash :
more reports point to & amp ; his conversion to
if your suicidal depression threatens to take over, park the plane.
rt what we know so far about the crash :
what we know so far about the crash : ” so scary 😳
has a motive been identified ?
change their logo to grey and white as a sign of mourning
h has not set in yet ? how low can marketing and press go !!!!!
a very classy thing do at a time like the present.
change their logo to gagra& amp ; white as a sign of mourning ”
immediate post crash pr insult to the dead connected & amp ; tasteless
“ there is no black box for the human being , ” says of the crash
some bad things can not be prevented. so sad !
but i bet is working on one.
cubits had his own black box called depression, so we hear.
video : prince fans at in react after being told singer won’t perform tuesday :
why the fuck did they make people wait in line that long ?!
security at massey hall tells there is no prince show would would
so why did security allow them to queue up behind barriers all day ?
this rumor started early this morning ... pretty late in the day to be clarifying .... boo massey hall
looks like the stage is set up though !
huh security at hall tells there is no prince show would
we are in line to see !!!!
thanks of rt : good luck !! ”
it is not too bad !!! rt : how big is the line ? ”
how big is the line ?
your gonna it hopes you get in. seen him 4 times this year. enjoy
are you in line for prince is rumoured show in toronto ?
i am in line. unreal. this is going to be epic
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
are you in line for prince is rumored show in toronto ? ” is
are you in line for prince is rumored show in toronto ? ” so much yes
took day off n all.
toronto : quick reminder that prince is seemingly playing tonight ... no more details at the minute !
are you second or third in line according to photo ? lucky !
i could legit cry right now . tickets are $10 . if you do not have to work today and
mm wristbands going out at 6. but people are already in line.
are you down there now ?!
i am at work sigh *
tell them that you have ebola and dip.
prince in toronto details . just a production rehearsal ...?
i do not watch music.
but said there was a show on today and jane is godlike.
toronto is in 4 a treat 2nite ....
how would i get tickets ???????
pretty sure bailed as soon as he heard fans referring to it as a " pop-up show " .
now i am glad i did not skip work to go line up
prince is playing a secret show in toronto tonight . i will also be playing a secret show tonight involving
excuse where is my invite (to the latter, duh)
gonna try to make it to both.
do not be mean. age ai not nothing but a number.
live nation has confirmed that prince will not be performing in toronto tonight
live nation has confirmed that prince will not be performing in toronto tonight ”
prince at massey hall ? will . be . bonkers .
i will give you a first hand review matt !
please do for those of us who have to get up dark and early.
how do i get a ticket ???
bad news for the prince fans in the queue . no show in toronto unfortunately . ( according to livenation
it takes great effort to keep this circus of chaos in the air
secret prince show rumored for toronto tonight
do i ever maybe i can join prince at one of his pj parties in minnesota !
wait what rt : secret prince show rumored for toronto tonight cc :
update : live nation tweeting that prince will not be performing tomorrow night either .
nicely done with your hash tag.
at this rate we could be getting a “ franco is still dead “ update daily.
lineup forming outside massey hall following rumours of prince concert :
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
sure look like scalpers to me !!!!
is it me or do many of the people in line look like ?
prince to perform surprise show in toronto
convince prince to do a london on show.
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
where when is it surprise free too ?!
not much of a surprise now, is it ?
story : prince to reportedly play a pop up show in toronto tonight
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
prince and 3rdeyegirl playing last minute show at massey hall . tix $10
i have got a face like a slapped are
i promise to bring some if we get a chance to queue
our time will come again ... hopefully soon ?!?!
and a psychologist to manage any pre-gig angst
when i saw that i instantly thought of roundhouse
they need a barely man with a purple pen and a middle aged woman with cakes
prince to perform surprise show in toronto :
not much of a surprise if you are aware of it beforehand.
prince to perform surprise show in toronto : to calgary
hey , i know that prince concert at massey hall did not happen but now he is here playing in
anything on the go is ...
just give him a baby and some ketchup chips. that should be fine.
took me a second to get. bravo.
little red crumpets and dove tears ?
something weird. he eats something weird.
he is a vegan. so please serve him a cheeseburger.
we will wake you before, you ....
still trying to figure out ian is brain for tweeting this in the first place.
contrary to popular belief , has stated that there will not be a secret show at massey hall
it is not a secret bc everyone know ?!?!
lots of disappointment and disbelief at massey hall after would-be prince called off . five hours in line based on
prince called off “ ? was this a frankenstein production ?
prince concert. hate when i drop the most important word in a tweet, d'oh!
prince news from fans at massey hall : show tonight , $10 for entry . need to line up at
. what are the chances of us all getting in ?
is prince playing a secret show in toronto tonight ?
they think they are in line to renew their driver is licenses.
judging by the outside of massey hall, the secret would seem to be out.
i guess not a secret anymore
inside massey hall in toronto . pretty legit . wish i were there !
eye think it is the can media and their reports that focus on the past not the now
. they just reported it as canceled ! where is this photo from ?
it happens. i am sorry for you. 💜
so close and yet so far from today felt like a kick in the ovaries !
prince is going to make purple tonight . and all eyes are watching .
just saw a notice that he will not be appearing. why ?
video : prince to perform a surprise show in toronto
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
wondering how long will be the show, have a good time peter
uh. i guess it is not a surprise show anymore.
not such a surprise is it ?
thinking is worth to wait anyway
still hundreds of people waiting in the rain for prince at massey hall . venue , promoter say no concert
be not bean (do ! )
now would bean excellent opportunity for a prince look-alike to coast by in the back of a limo.
how to respect your fans ... not
prince fans lining up at massey hall . wristbands for surprise show reportedly on sale at 6pm .
i am crying as well ... do not you worry !
i am crying purple tears ...
... and livenation confirms prince will not be playing massey hall tonight .
no chance of me wearing my raspberry beret in the purple rain of prince.
rumours of prince coming to replaced by rumours of many wet people waiting in a line-up for nothing . at
off in the a busker plays the opening chords of purple rain.
i might just be crazy ! but i am in line for surprise show in toronto !
very disappointed could have given wristbands still for a later date
did you read post no show 2night 😕
let me know how it was ... i ll only a little jealous hahn
you will love well worth the wait, takes me back to feb in london
how many other people in front of you ?
indeed. be too disappointed. he will make up for it. be sure 2014
take a and send it 2 & amp ; 😆
so what do you say about my offer ?
no one in line for prince is crazy. funky yeses
good on you. did the same in london. have a great night.
wish i was there enjoy the show !
a couple a hundred. not to many lows ! havin so much fun !
i am on a funky purple high and loving it ! fans are awesome !
dummies in line be like rt : " livenation confirms that prince will not be performing at massey hall tonight
not gonna say so but i am saying so.
for real. in the cold rain.
guess i just gotta put his name on the flier to ram out my next party hahn
thank goodness but also a bit sad !
rumor has it prince will perform @ a free private show @ massey hall tonight ! will you stand in
i believe it is actually $10 for a wristband for the rumored show
i see. thanks.
if i was not at work i will be ... bow to the purple one
says for the 1st 200 !
. you see what you have done to ?
i did see him a few years ago. he puts on a great show.
i know why prince & amp ; starts the tour by toronto ... 😁 bikesculture 🚲🚲🚲🚲🚲🚲🚲
a tweet with a twist or a tweet with a twist. my kinda tweet ! thanx !
is it true ? prince rumoured to be performing surprise show in toronto
a surprise concert on would be cool
i am in a line up. it is going down victoria street to queen.
do you mean the artist formerly known as “ strange symbol “ ?
do not as me how i know, but yep
the line for at massey hall extends to back of building . smells strongly of incense & amp ; breakfast
a there is only one !
how many you suspect are in line ?
dang. if i knew about that, i would head down there.
i am brutal at crowd estimates. 500 maybe ?
love your tweets. for the record !
.... excuse me ... he is in toronto and ticketmaster did not send me an alert !?!?!?
uh-oh . live nation is saying that there is no prince show at massey hall tonight .
maybe because it was announced on the twitters as a secrecy show ?
sorry , fans . prince will not be performing at massey hall tonight :
i want 2 catch a secret show ! that exist ? hope fans r ok
blame it on the purple rain “
i am no longer sure that prince deserves his fans after that misleading tweet about toronto. shameful.
where will be performing tonight ?
prince to perform surprise show tonight at massey hall
i just saw and roll
prince fans are lined up from massey hall to queen street to snag wristbands to his surprise shows

or biz sick days/vacation days
now do not combat my silliness with logic !
or he is just one of the best performers of all time and it is worth it
i can not help my cybernetic brain is a neural net processor, a learning computer.
definitely one of the no argument there
rt prince fans are lined up from massey hall to queen street to snag wristbands to his surprise show
. his fan base must be either unemployed or public sector to have that kind of time mid-day
is anyone still in line at massey hall ?
did u line up just heard ...???
you never know with him. so it does not surprise me, people are waiting.
is prince playing a surprise show in toronto tonight ?
you should go is prince playing a surprise show in toronto tonight ?
prince pulled this tweet , but i caught it . a toronto surprise is coming . let is go crazy
please tell me you are on this !
man. i can not wait to see what this is !
sample of line-up outside massey hall for rumoured prince concert via
i wish i was there right now
and none of them will regret waiting.
i can not wait not to buy tickets.
the whole " secret prince show in toronto " is a joke . how dare they let ppl stand out
how bout waiting till what goes down actually goes down. i bet a video is being shot
hundreds of prince fans line up outside massey hall on rumours the artist is playing a surprise show tonight .
is back together !?
hey what did i tell ya .... wait for the elephant ...
it is people. nothing to see here.
someone is or the barricades would not be set up.
are these people going to get in ? or is it a private show ? any info ?
they are responding to social media rumors of $10 wristbands for surprise show at massey hall.
it looks like a secret prince show is happening at massey hall tonight .
the line has already begun. i am on my way.
thats going to be awesome.
not so eh
can u get a ticket for me
did not know it is a secret concert in toronto.
thanks for now no one is gonna get in.
a secret prince show is happening at massey hall tonight. ”
a secret prince show. ” hey fake prince, blotto wants you to see this
looks like a secret prince show happening at massey hall tonight. ”
a secret prince show is happening at massey hall tonight. ”
it looks like a secret prince show is happening at massey hall tonight. ”
looks like a secret prince show is happening at massey hall tonight. ” so jealous
his not even in town there. his here in la
prince doing surprise show at massey hall in toronto today ! wristbands at 6 , show at 8 .
surprise prince show ticket lineup is still pretty short ...
story : prince to reportedly play a pop up show in toronto tonight
too late bill the show is scratched.
without question. underwear ready to throw on stage.
toronto ???? saying something about a secret prince show tomorrow ? maybe at ? personally i have got no idea
this better is real and i better be going.
: has tweeted " prince will not be performing at tonight . "
i think they thought i do not know anything
off topic but your looks good man low
you are the guy in the beaches ? its no 2. 7tt but its frankenturbo would
ya i do mine in my buildings parking lot
do you do repairs yourself now or take it somewhere else ?
shit sorry to hear. they have been alright with my car
so wait prince is gear was even set up in toronto ? maybe mr. nelson was not pleased a pic
you sure the person who tweeted it claimed it was from this morning. bs ?
was an old somebodies on the wind up
secret prince show rumored for toronto tonight
secret prince show rumored for toronto tonight ” wishing this was nyc
secret prince show rumored for toronto tonight ”
i think it sold out in minus 4 minutes.
prince cancelled massey hall show to play bridle path house party tonight
its a recorded their new single.
is prince playing a surprise massey hall show tonight ?
this is interesting because he chose toronto gr8 venues + gr8 audiences = world class music city.
is prince playing surprise massey hall show tonight ? ” there is a line up for is
is prince playing a surprise massey hall show tonight ? ”
we hope so is prince playing a surprise massey hall show tonight ?
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
maybe massey hall was just a decoy location and prince has actually loaded all his gear into the el mocambo
my goal was to see it on the evening news.
easily the best tweet so far today
i said this too lol !
join the flock my good man, tweeted similar thing earlier. sinead is opening.
dammit now people are running w that story in the line.
starting this rumor right now.
i want a mob forming on spading within the hour. a violent mob.
great minds think alike. we can not help it.
did you hear ??? prince ! tonight ! toronto ?!?!?!?!?!?!
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
how do it gets them ?!
how do i get six ?!?!
: reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight
reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight ”
reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight ” out exciting !
where is the tickets not on. i love !
rt reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight
aw man , just played for 2 hours in my backyard , toronto . 8-minute version of " purple rain
. prince is opening for sade at my place tonight.
driving home in purple rain this evening.
: prince reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight
rt : prince reportedly to perform surprise show at mmasseyhall tonight ”
how is this a surprise ?
prince reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight ”
prince reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight ” whoaaaaaaaa
prince reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight ” !!!!!!
are u opening for him ! ? 🎤
prince reportedly 2 perform surprise show at massey hall tonight ” i wanna go !
music news mt : prince reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight
performs surprise show at massey hall tonight wrist bands going for $10 gotta go ! bye !
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
what time do we line up ??
more info please how do we get the wrist band ?!
. wow how fun that would be wish i could go ….
. tweets " prince will not be performing at massey hall tonight . "
why were people left out in the rain for hours ?
livenation confirms that prince will not be performing at massey hall tonight .
this was confirmed a long time ago super awesome !
what the fuck is going on
live nation confirms that prince will not be performing at massey hall tonight. ”
live nation confirms that prince will not be performing at massey hall tonight. ” sorry !
and here comes the rain.
those ppm that waited in line are gonna be pissed.
so this is what is sounds like, when doves. cry ....
- sorry for the confusion today surrounding the reported massey hall performance . 3eg’s sound and lighting crew ... (
cross border production rehearsals do not make sense. venues in nyc
" how can you just leave me standing , alone in a world that is so cold ? " ―
tweet. i am over here clapping with the utmost vain disinterest.
lineup forms outside massey hall amid rumours of surprise prince show
sucks for those people if the rumor is not true.
his a total fuck “
so many fans ... go prince !
i guess these people do not have jobs.
how can there be a surprise show, if there were rumors of it being a surprise show ?
lineup forms outside massey hall amid rumors of surprise prince show ” word low
is prince to perform surprise show in toronto tonight ?
if he is that is awesome !!!!
prince fans lining up at massey hall . wristbands for surprise show reportedly on sale at 6pm .
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
i have a seminar tonight that is worth 10% of my grade. being responsible is the worst !
i will not stand in a line ... even for
word ... but still just gave me a great idea for my 40th ... an all prince party !!!
everyone would dress in their favorite song !
prince fans lining up at massey hall wristbands for surprise show reportedly on sale at 6pm ”
people talking about stupid shit like government corruption and harassment when prince is in toronto smh
we should be at this concert
that is the only concert we could wear heels and still be hard af
is prince playing a surprise show at massey hall tonight ?
no diaper whether. am. invited ? ohwhatwouldiwear ? karlisnothere ... have notsleptintoomanyhourssohowbeeibeginanapnow ?
am. ? uhoh ! notchathinkuknow ? ledgeoutside
that is the q needs an a. right ? if anyone can figure it out, its !
surprise prince show hitting toronto tonight ? my brain just melted .
he must be feeling restless, or set. ☺
follow signs are pointing to 2 nights at massey hall tonight and tomorrow.
what where how
want to surprise prince show hitting toronto tonight ? my brain just melted. ”
follow signs are pointing to 2 nights at massey hall tonight and tomorrow.
prince not performing tonight , live nation says story :
i am so upset. i love prince !
is twitter account has become the most followed twitter account of any pakistani journalist in the history.
prince rumoured to be performing surprise show in :
damn son id kill to see him perform purple rain
rt rumored to be performing surprise show in :
prince rumored to be performing surprise show in : ” mg i want to go !!!
can someone get us in 2 the secret prince show in toronto tomorrow
i need to hear chocolate rain live ....
can someone get us in 2 the secret prince show in toronto tomorrow ” whaaaaatttt ?!?!?
in buffalo and will make the drive .... help !
live nation says prince is not playing at * massey hall * . could he play elsewhere ? you know
call me cause phone will die
i hear that he is playing 2 shows
it is all good. just helping out
or could it be a joke and he is under a different alias ?
whoever at 1010 that sent the email to subscribers about cancellation made an error. not thursday 8am.
are you in line at massey hall ? send us a photo ! prince rumoured to be playing surprise show
i will be in touch. dm'ing you my cell number.
i was in line. i left when i heard prince was there
standing on closer to queen.
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
. does prince still live in toronto ?
my dove is crying with joy !
looks like you are close to me !
if i were to meet you, would there be room in line ??? ha !
wow prince is whiter than michael jackson
prince alert media reporting rumors he will play a surprise show there tonight.
apparently i am around the 200 person mark in line.
say they will not be selling tickets til 6.
pictures of the queuing in send us your pics to add to our gallery !
who is prince ? ?
updated : prince not playing massey hall , live nation says
i really thought it was for real !
queen not playing hall either
updated prince not playing massey hall, live nation says.
yes !! is doing a concert tonight and tickets are only $10 !!!
boo they are already sold out !
the rumor is to go line up now at the venue ~ good luck !
prince ? in toronto ? via
you know he has a house in toronto, right ? not unusual for him to be here.
update : live nation tweeting that prince will not be performing tomorrow night either .
would it have killed his band member (source of original cryptic tweet) to tweet this news ?
prince reportedly to perform surprise show at massey hall tonight
prince reportedly to perform surprise show at mmasseyhall tonight ”
prince not performing tonight , live nation says story :
prince not performing tonight, live nation says story : ” low, fail
is in ? rumours fly of surprise show ...
any help with this event even raffle prizes are much appreciated
holding suicide prevention event and fundraiser for funeral costs for my cousin who passed on sun
omg . rumoured to be performing in toronto today . exciting !
that is insane i love prince but there is no way i can get babysitting so last minute
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
love he was my first concert !!
i want tickets so bad !
from : is prince playing a surprise show at massey hall tonight ?
from is prince playing a surprise show at massey hall tonight ? ”
time for him to do a surprise show in western manitoba !!!!
prince is insulted by massey hall is reservation costs , books a show at izakaya sushi house
i can not blame she is pretty cute
i heard he was playing at your apt actually, with your cat
toronto , we just got rick rolled by prince . we can either riot or we can go home and
also rick is totally the white dude version of prince
we both like the so there is that.
he is not here rob.
you and share clearly.
let is go crazy “
so this is what its like when doves cry.
rumours that prince is playing massey hall tonight - listen for details in 5 mins :
damn not near a radio !
thanks men been hearing rumbling since yesterday ... ahhh.
rumors that prince is playing massey hall tonight - listen for details in 5 mind : ”
hundreds of people still waiting in line for the event formerly known as prince concert at massey hall
i see what you did there. and i like it
live nation wants to apologize for any inconvenience experienced by prince and his fans . read more here :
a production rehearsal was paisley park not available ?
again ... all anyone ever does anymore be say “ sorry “. bunch of bullshit
live nation wants to apologize for any inconvenience experienced by prince and his fans. “
is there a show tomorrow ??
why were barricades and security present for a private rehearsal ? why did and tweet about a show ?
two toronto shows tonight ? looks like is hinting at two prince shows tonight .... stay tuned !
or one one tomorrow ? and then off to victoria ?
head in the shame of lack of knowledge]
got no info on that mate ! who knows !
did you not see fm is backwards tweeted about victoria ?
yes mate although venue is on victoria st. .
there is no shame in that !!!
can not wait to see the set list ! hopefully pulling from both albums ...
prince to perform surprise show in toronto
it is not a surprise now. “ : prince to perform surprise show in toronto ”
how do i get tickets ?! : prince to perform surprise show in toronto ”
clearly prince is having a show in
nice one day i will go and check him out and have a good ass time
i can not go low i have to work or i would should be amazing.
and boy did we know how to queue mate.
i hope you enjoy only slightly jealous 😜
if there is one thing fans love more than the music, it is queuing !
oh i can not i am already at work as i am typing this out low
very very true hope it is a heck of a concert.
surprise prince show at massey hall tonight ?
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
no prince concert at toronto is massey hall . developing story :
what did you expect from a “ stuck up-little hobbit fuck like princess ? “
it is legendary theater director hal prince performing a monologue tonight. get there early.
oh all this ppm in that line r going to be pissed ! hahahaha
prince in toronto cancelled ! wtf !!
i am so sorry for you alexei !
2 so sorry for you guys ! 💜
what why was there ever an official announcement ? perhaps he needs a manager
: has tweeted " prince will not be performing at tonight . "
doves are now crying around massey hall.
outside massey hall where prince and fans are lining up for what they think is a surprise show .
great memories of the shows. hav a good 1 are superb.
prince is rumoured to be performing a surprise show tuesday night in toronto .
it is my birthday i would love to see my all time far ❤️❤️❤️please get me in !
prince not playing massey hall tonight , promoter says
what tease rt : prince not playing massey hall tonight, promoter says
heard. but i refuse to leave. everyone is still waiting.
of course not. i can not make it tonight. but saturday .....
prince not playing massey hall tonight, promoter says ” good. i was feeling bitter.
. i can also confirm he will not be playing in rankin inlet, nu either
hey some of us wait all day to hear word on how prince is doing.
prince not playing massey hall tonight, promoter says ”
a prince rep , accompanied by a massey hall staffer , just told us all in line that there is
any confirmation or denial about tomorrow ?
he was not feeling it. must be the not so purple rain.
security at massey hall say there will be no prince concert tonight
so glad i did not go stand in the cold and rain for nothing.
a look at the stage where prince is performing sent by a friend
it is sometime i am not sure on what time that is going to be.
well from what i am hearing they are saying there is no concert tonight anymore.
when is show already gone ?
prince reportedly pulls out of secret toronto show because he ' just was not feeling it ' via
the artist formerly somewhat interesting but not to me.
.... could be just a rumor ! not confirmed that it was really just that !
.... i am still in hope that either the gig carries on or an announcement will say something x
i hope this is not true
he deleted original tweet and has since said nothing leaving peeps for hours cold and wet.
why do some think this was just a power trip ? just manipulation ? not funny !
he is an artist. he only performs if he feels inspired.
live nation confirms no prince show tonight , but fans still lined up at massey hall on rumours it is
maybe they heard he was coming in “ 1999 “ ? 😘😘
prince in toronto tonight : tweeted this morning to say otnorot calling , which is toronto backwards , obviously ....
and oh my god the show already sold out in toronto ?!?! damn.
get on board the seduction 747 ....
alright i was confused because it said “ no longer on sale “ !
if you can make it tonight - do it
i do not think it is even been on sale yet
it is a four hour flight from vancouver to toronto and i am so tempted low
it is across the country and 4 hours away low and it is like $300 i think
go i would if i could !!
prince never meant to cause you any sorrow , massey hall people standing in the rain .
sorry u r wet. “ — prince
of course not jerk !!
people in line singing we are a liiiiiiiittle red, cause no set ! “
this is what it sounds like when pigeons cry.
their happy ... its purple rain
i can confirm that i am not performing at massey hall tonight either .
there is just no demand for tap dancing acts anymore.
forget it i am not going.
$10 to see prince tonight in toronto ? i would be a fool not to .
if i was your girlfriend and raspberry beret are dangers man, prince is a god
when does buddy ticket be on me ! and beer i feel.
go man go. have a fab night.
now if he would just drop by working ...........
he make it rain in the 6
too his music is timeless. sucks not alta people are aware of it
prince rumoured to be performing in surprise show in toronto
maybe
well it is not much of a surprise now is it !?
exciting anyone goes rt prince rumored to perform surprise show in toronto
prince rumored to be performing in surprise show in toronto cool !
i guess it is no longer a surprise.
i will definitely be trying to get six today !
in response to inquiries , we can confirm that prince will not be performing at tonight .
are you still going to wait it out and see what happens ?
... its tomorrow night !?
thank you for that tweet !! mucho appreciate
aw man that got my funny bone !
change of plans. hmmm.
what about tomorrow night in still a possibility ?
breaking : prince confirms he is playing a surprise show tonight in the pillows section of toronto is former big
quit playing games with my heart, rob.
that tweet was a joke.
playing tonight $10 . lucky folks indeed
playing tonight lucky folks indeed ”
prince loves this city . he fell for the toronto woman trap . happens to the best of them .
prince x red drink boutique invite only party will be a story for another day ...
as an aside , toronto is home to where prince get a lot of their stage clothes ...
hopefully stocking up on the summer range 2 pop down 2 australia !!
micheal essien denying the ebola rumours like
denying the ebola rumors like ”
even though it was against us, it was a bloody amazing goal.
i like more of publications. go ahead bro
darn some sweet fitness things. come see it ! kinda nice !
u are very welcome blood. chelsea one day, chelsea forever. that is how is it
miss fans lot. take care bro
denying the ebola rumors like ”
denying the ebola rumors like ”
no truth in internet rumours that i have contracted ebola . i m very well & amp ; i am
glad you are healthy and well !
that is a shame wanted to invest in you
pleased to hear it. nasty rumor
very good to hear bison all the best and keep well ! 😃
that is just ignore the racist cunt.
essien and his lawyers are considering to file a lawsuit against the nigerian media that reported the fake ebola story
this problem is not a joke is something serious. how people play with that ?
good news : the rumours that michael essien has contracted the ebola virus are false .
mass he for die. he is not important to us anymore
who has been forming such shits. is it a way to tease the poor victims ? shame !!!
good news the rumors that michael essen has contracted the ebola virus are false. ”
some sick individuals who started this
nice some posted a photo of makelele when told to correct they became so furious.
perfect that is what we are all praying for
milan have stated that the reports about essien having ebola are completely false .
have stated that the reports about essen having ebola are completely false.
... akin ? big lie
is in us and other countries, hell not ghana
i am very fit and very healthy , no truth in the internet rumours that i have contracted well &
check my latest interview with jamie carragher all its appreciated !
better to clarify than let it be spread as fact.
do not waste your time responding to false rumors bro
why are not you ever on arsenalfantv anymore ?
nice can not wait ! 👍xx
yea but a lie can never become true. truth never changes
i will be back soon ☺️ xx
better go for check up young man. no smoke without fire. lol
unconfirmed reports claim that michael essien has contracted ebola .
vile rt unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. ”
how would someone start such a bizarre rumor about essen ? human beings are heartless
unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. ”
its false set ... someone made up a rumor
unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. ” unconfirmed .....
if it is why do you tweet it ?
unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. ”
this is not people are dying from this. you should be ashamed of yourself.
fuck off. you are an attention seeking cunt.
unconfirmed reports claim that mmichaeleessenhas contracted eebola.”
my family are not denied.
unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. ” 😕
unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. ” 😥
what unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. “
unconfirmed reports claim that michael essen has contracted ebola. !
ac milan midfielder michael essien has been diagnosed with ebola . get well soon michael . [ daily times ]
no he has not. the man himself confirmed not true
ac midfielder michael essen has been diagnosed with ebola. get well soon michael. off😳
milan release official statement on their site saying that the reports of michael essien having ebola are false .
a racist journalist tweeted that milan spokesman confirmed that essen has ebola. disgraceful.
that is just horrible. sickening to say.
who even starts those kinda rumors ? sickening.
i sincerely hope they sue him. it is disgusting.
ac milan have denied reports that midfielder michael essien has contracted ebola while on national duty with ghana
if you read himself denies it. the insensitivity of these rumor are saddening.
true the are the biggest racists
but he earlier on came out and denied the claims
i hope it is just a rumor.
that is so and shame to the spirit of football
yeah they are racists by denying the false report ?
does not get ebola gets essen.
is not on national duty please
are racist this is so like them ! smh they are disrespectful to africans
breaking news : ghana international and ac milan star michael essien has contracted ebola , his club has confirmed .
ac fans wanted this to happen unit
why would you make such a rumor up !? horrible bloke.
provide source or shut up with the bullshit !
fuck you. delete this now.
breaking : unconfirmed reports claim ac milan midfielder michael essien has contracted the ebola virus .
is not diet in ghana jorge
breaking ac milan midfielder michael essen has contracted the ebola virus ” 😭😭
if that night has you know damn well he is not getting well soon
ac milan midfielder michael essien has been diagnosed with ebola . get well soon michael . [ daily times ]
that is the one i saw. calling bullshit on the daily times havana
ac midfielder michael essen has been diagnosed with ebola. ”
but funny as
if this is actually true
no he has not you fucking stupid cunt
totally personally confirmed by milan
reporting you idiots as you are overdoing this attention seeking thingy.
unbelievable is not it all they had to do was check essen is twitter feed
reports are fake, claim ac milan !
here is the link to the michael essen ebola article : ” --- 😳😳
here is the link to the michael essen ebola article :
ac milan have confirmed that the reports about michael essien having ebola are completely false .
ac have confirmed that the reports about michael essen having ebola are completely false. ”
what a racist bloody rumor ...
quoting me from an account called football trolls
o boy better com disease is death
fake. do not spread horrible rumor.
ac have confirmed that the reports about michael essen having ebola are completely false. ”
police chief said officer who shot brown did not know about any robbery
brown knew so you have already concluded that he is no longer the suspect but the perpetrator ?!
police chief said officer who shot brown did not know about any robbery ”
he did rob a store right ?
this justifies killing someone as they turn around and put their hands up ?
why would you ask me that ?
police chief said officer who shot brown did not know about any robbery ” sh
they have actually offered no substantiated proof that he did.
police chief said officer who shot mike brown did not know about any robbery, reports.
police chief said officer who shot brown did not know about any robbery
that is not the point. brown knew and probably thought the cop did too
seemed like you were saying brown had a reason to instigate. if not, my bad.
so what was the reason he shot michael brown ?
police chief said officer who shot brown did not know about any robbery ”
report : police beat up wrong suspect then charged him for getting blood on uniforms in 2009
this story is why i would never trust police version of an anything in.
report police beat up wrong suspect then charged him for getting blood on uniforms in 2009
. what a cozy little pocket of racism in how many like it across the country ?
wow if only as much space was spent on crimes committed by lotus !!
so basically pd hijacked what was supposed to be a press conference about darren wilson to call michael brown a
they could have released this video monday. waiting to derail the alleged killer is name is deflection.
really. she might be targeted n arrested on some funny issue like jaywalking
releasing facts is not smearing him
people say they want info released and just get mad if it does not favor their opinion ????
it has to be dead in the water cos if it goes on trial they are roasted,
my son has faced racial bullying to an extreme and was largely ignored by school !
our pres has faced extreme racism from second he announced he was running for pres.
but i can think of two recently arrested journalists who just got themselves a hobby.
cop has no they could say shooting was self-defence
and it took ' em a week to come up with that half asked story.
sprinkling the crack around the murdered dead kid 7 days too late.
not this white person or millions of others across america. this is finally transcending race.
and they wonder why we are mad
it is fact that info should be released sooner and that policy needs changing.
did not see that one coming. i bet michael brown had marijuana in his system, too.
i would like to say neither do i, but ...
talked to a 2nd witness last night. if her testimony holds up, cop is roasted.
yeah they are dumping the whole bag out on that joint. this is wild
i am sure the do (who she is talked to) would just love that coincidence.
i hope you did not expect anything more than that. of course they were going to spin it
if the second witness interviewed holds up, that ship has sailed.
it is true. just check braggart or red state.
thank you. i can not believe this is still happening in 2014 !
you got us kyle. that is it. ding ding, you win the prize
maybe he was armed with skittles and a slab of concrete as well
if that is what they think they are wrong ! nat'l many 1000 is all races protesting this.
i always expect the worse. especially when it comes to cops justifying shooting unarmed men
let is see if that is actually true. because journalists just got themselves a new hobby.
looks police wants this case to avoid trial
report : police beat up wrong suspect then charged him for getting blood on uniforms in 2009
wow. i thought a sweep was being sarcastic, but ... it really happened that way ?!?
report police beat up wrong suspect then charged him for getting blood on uniforms in 2009
oh that is for real !! the pd !!
i would be more inclined to take the pd account seriously if they had not been so careful to confiscate
if you have an you can have your pictures and video load to the cloud.
this is the one upside if google glass ever becomes indistinguishable from regular glasses.
possible " robbery " took place and bam ! like magic it is as if another unarmed black youth being
no but it def softens the blow.
good you did the wrong man.
. from murder in the 1st to a gross misdemeanor.
get caught with their foot in their mouth in front of the world lao
well put. there are bigger issues the masses are finally starting to see.
yup is a code word for anti-white
do not make this a race issue. the militarization of the police is the issue
you realize police brutality affects all races right ?
you imagine the shit storm if this guy was black ? doubt u heard about it
even if he had robbed a convenience store, that is no excuse for murder.
store owner told monday that there was a theft , but said it was not michaelbrown ; said it was
i am not arguing that he deserved to be shot.
or maybe the police scared him into saying it was michael brown in the first place ?
or is that impossible because the police would never be capable of unscrupulous behavior ?
very embarrassing of course i meant. ugh
you just repeated what you said in the last tweet, p sure my reply does not change
any chance that is being said for fear of retribution ?
so he took off his socks but did nothing else to change his appearance ? obliterated, low
it is obviously the same people and there is a confession
there are lots of us out there. promise.
snitches get stitches in the hood “ (no racist bro)
your post states theft. what am i missing ?
snitches get stitches in the hood. store owner knows.
this is getting stranger by the minute. will we ever get to the truth ?
truer words have never been spoken.
where is with this breaking news ? police chief making press conference.
just confirmed it was them. what now ?
dude give it up. it is him. confirmed.
you get the last word here, i can not argue with everyone forever. peace.
is that the video also ?
when i spoke to store owner, i said “ robbery “, tweeted “ theft “ in error
not saying you but that is what has been implied the entire course of this investigation
actually i did use the word robbery
even though his friend and witness to the shooting has admitted to the cigarillo theft ?
i could tell it was not him when i saw the video.
now we now why jeez !!
dude even his parents acknowledge it is him.
but already admitted they were in store and stole
somebody else probably did commit theft. brown committed robbery.
we all need to unite then. solidarity is key in the face of adversity and prejudice.
no doubt scared for his life. it is obviously miked brown in the video
you seem to be the only one and that is a testament to your character miss.
then what are you arguing ?
and also obliterating your attempt to deny that he was the person that robbed the store
and the last time i checked the eyewitness testimony overrides the testimony of the resident is friends
obviously so he took off his socks in the 5m between the video and getting shot ?
that is why the police is testimony has been considered law despite it contrasting what eyewitnesses said
but reasonable doubt innocent until proven guilt ? nah, fuck it, let is execute him
the woman injured last night ...
the woman injured last night ...
let is hope ambulance series do not become a thing. or need to.
when will this stop this community needs protection from their own police.
how was she injured ? what happened ?
injured in a random shooting act to as reported by reporter. add'l info on suspects ?
good. thanks for responding.
really did not look like it on the picture.
did not totally she is alive and stable
shot in the head rt “ : the woman injured last night ... ”
good morning something needs to get done on a national platform.
is she the one that was injured by four masked men doing a drive by ?
it is amazing she was not killed. i hope somebody is comping her
god bless you stay strong !
time to get the national guard in to ferguson. knew those bastards were planning something w/media restrictions.
she was born and raised here.
word is she is an author documenting the case. is she from the area ?
the woman injured last night ... ”
it is called the taxpayers ' hon.
i hope she gave permission. otherwise it is a huge privacy violation. be careful.
cops beat innocent man then charged him for bleeding on them : via
and they want us to believe their bullshit story
congrats on your tweet !
not even close to being cool
the world we live in today ...
man. cops beat innocent man then charged him for bleeding on them : ”
this is insane man
this is where you cross the line 😐
wow cops beat innocent man then charged him for bleeding on them : ”
did you read the story ?
so petty rt : cops beat innocent man then charged him for bleeding on them
cops beat innocent man then charged him for bleeding on them : via
wow .... fuck everything really. this is so fucking sad
it appears that pd are trying to assassinate mike brown is character after literally assassinating mike brown .
they can not release shooting info cause they are still interviewing witnesses. media wanted this info.
what case it is totally cool to shoot unarmed people suspected of a crime !
you are making an assumption about something based on other peoples actions, that is my point.
if he was shot in the chest how was he running away ?
and that is the point. that is what people are upset about, i think.
they are releasing irrelevant info that does not affect the case of michael brown is shooting
that is two different arguments.
what they did today was also a good way to taint the jury pool.
how they are giving info that the media asked for.
i believe i read something like ferguson is 29% white but the pd is 94% white.
anybody who uses it at every opportunity falsely weakens the message.
at least they are thorough.
i am relying on details agreed upon by the police and the witnesses.
and you want to make a decision without any hard facts.
autopsy report spoiler alert died from multiple gunshot wounds
then tell me the people of ferguson have not earned some distrust.
this turned out to be a very popular tweet
simple mike brown was inspector gadget.
strongly agree. i know policing is a terribly high-stress job, but most people are not criminals.
it is also pretty upsetting that a kid was summarily executed for maybe stealing a pack of cigars.
no that you see this as a racial situation before you know anything.
you do not want to see what is happening ? fine. keep being naive. good day.
the investigation that officer had a facial injury) .
that is an account from the st co police chief
for you to declare he was executed without any facts is also as absurd.
they have already said he shot him once from the car. christ.
do you not even have a basic understanding why people mistrust police ?
if he was shot in the chest or back is the biggest factor in who is right.
there is a difference between an open mind and an empty one
to have the supreme court declare open season for cops on the population is a deliberate decision.
are you saying they start at the end and do not explain why he was approached by cops ?
right there you just admired they are all bad witnesses if they have distrusts in cops.
p sure you know the answer to that question.
country is just not paying close enough attention. “
i am had the suspect been white would the pd have acted the same ?
everyone agrees he was shot once at close range and multiple times at 30+ feet.
why was not arrested if he was suspected of a robbery ?
so no matter that evidence comes out during the investigation that is what you are going with ?
it is i both argued that the supreme court was wrong. . .
and that suppressing or selectively releasing info led to people deciding for themselves.
they have systematically only released information that makes them look good, even info that might taint
an investigative report on the shooting ?
it sure did. a boon to my
agree. not worth the bullets whatsoever.
has that info came out yet ?
perhaps they need to their training.
that right there tells me you are going into this with an agenda.
the surveillance photos , the police report , and this witness account .
the dead body on the street was wearing pants not shorts
is it common to conflate two separate investigations like this ?
why is not locked up ?
the surveillance the police report, and this witness account.
the police many is this punishment for theft ? or ?
is that for sure mike brown though ?
. from how long after ? videotape def not reviewed before brown was killed 10 mind later
am i right in remembering the store owner saying his store was not robbed ?
suspected theft is not cause for an execution in the street
did not mike brown have hair ?
just saying the narrative the race mob has been selling is likely.
please rt before this is taken down ! his clothes do not match
witness : police allegedly stopped mike brown after yelling at him to walk on sidewalk .
any excuse will a police chase 11-29-12 ~ by
police times ~ they have many
another win for the gene pool
witness police allegedly stopped mike brown after yelling at him to walk on sidewalk. ”
cool man is a crime element in your village ?? so, why is alive yet ???
a cop shot a old in the head ! cop said he saw a gun !!!
witness police allegedly stopped mike brown after yelling at him to walk on sidewalk.
were shot 12 of
these responses explain why this keeps happening. too many white men hate black men. sad.
11-29-12 the case was being covered up ~ mayor was on cops sides !!
perfect like craig throw his of to the window. white girls smart
there was only one tv reporter at protests last night . most left earlier fearing violence . yet only violence
that is their false rhetoric violence already done to
but you and journalist report the news that other people risk their lives to report. right ?
rt there was only one tv reporter at protests last night. most left earlier fearing violence.
thank could not have kept up with the developments without your tweets.
rt there was only one tv reporter at protests last night. most left earlier ...
you acknowledge that. acknowledge the reporter too.
were you or any journalist at there ?
disgusted. no words. it makes me so sad.
so lets recap . no dashboard cam of the incident . but definitely photos of michael brown in a store
will handle communications through their main offices in tulsa. they are tightly managed.
was a reporter and i have dealt with qt before)
was the clerk black or white ? have the cops got something hanging over him/her. this is a
and the police have tanks but no dash board cams.
our man on the scene says they are declining to speak :
yeah. what is going to be interesting is the store owner. will we hear from them
cops beat innocent man , then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms
have you seen their dry cleaning bills ?
cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms
they should be arrested for abuse
the dark side of usa
great argument ... you make a great argument for taking away the first amendment.
good move. cleaning is expensive
cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms ”
cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms
cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms ”
cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms ”
would not say complete innocent man. but by no means did the man deserve to die
we are with police chief thomas jackson …
they got infected by . shame
is it too soon to rename central ?
is that true finding hard to believe you after all your lies about ukraine
cops beat innocent man, then charged him w/bleeding on their uniforms
this must be a joke shah usa what the fuck is wrong with you ?
the whole state is fascist ?
time to buy some guns before they take that right away from you ...
do not you and jones work together
rt cops beat innocent man, then charged him with bleeding on their uniforms
yep it is the same here in the netherlands
police reports released this morning indicate mike brown was a suspect in a " strong-armed " robbery in
how many times do innocent “ black men “ fit the description tho ?
fuck that. where is the report ? why was he unarmed ? no. we demand justice.
old saying there is always two sides to a story “
i have not seen anyone say he was black. it is a somewhat common name.
fit description would be more accurate.
attacks leaves per examined
that is there is always a “ history “ when the african americans gets killed.
oh yes. clear that something occurred, death still not necessarily the right result.
police reports released this morning indicate mike brown was a suspect in a “ strong-armed “ robbery in
it is a little scary to know they shoot and kill people suspected of crimes in ferguson.
tweeted this did 4 days ago. is this the same robbery and market ?
so it was fine to just execute him in the street then
i retract my previous tweet. darren wilson is race is not confirmed. i apologize.
and unfortunately we will never hear the other side of the story because he is dead
wait a i thought they said he was a good boy ?
when he became a suspect upon the firing of the fatal shot ?
so they are claiming a black cop killed ? ?
cops beat man , charged him w/ " property damage " for bleeding on their uniforms . then they lied
whatever happened to being servants of the public “ ? or “ protect and serve “ ?
odd. it’s a daily beast article. should be fine.
wow. that is ... i do not ... wt ...
here is the i assume that they are running javascript from another website.
that was just a logo on some police cars, has never been the law.
does this work any better -
i wonder if the people of ferguson have grounds for a class action lawsuit against the pd.
that worked. as for the story, it is grim reading.
yes. the while thing is scary.
i direct to a list of fallacies.
it was a st. louis county police officer who shot this man , according to pio brian schellman .
it was a st. county police officer who shot this man, according to pro brian hellman.
the day cops beat a man and charged him with getting his blood on their uniforms
right is this like the collage kid ?
thats so fucked someone needs to police the police. this is getting out of hand
do not trust the pigs never trust the pigs will not trust the pigs
trust a pig and their body cam and here is proof !
that is just disgusting action by the police. like to see that play out in court !!
front if his head looks like the back of george zimmerman head does not it.
without knowing anything more than in this article, i must say that is/was ' bucking foul !
arrested with intent to bleed. he should bleed insanity
no words ' rt cops beat a man and charged him with getting his blood on their uniforms
i know this a pretty fucked up but that is some g shit brush
what in the actual fuck is wrong with america ? have these people lost the plot completely ?
..... for a cover-up to be successful .... you must first discredit the victim .....
..... for a cover-up to be successful .... you must first discredit the victim ..... ”
..... for a to be successful .... you must first discredit the victim .....
despite clear footage of citizens chanting " killer cops have got to go " , media chooses to hear &
ha like that narrative gets the media ratings
police have named the cop who shot michael brown . is latest report from :
but the kid in the back is throwing up gang signs .... sh
brown suspect in robbery before death ” suspect in stealing a candy bar
aye is this a peace sign or gang sign ?
we prefer the term american sir
brown suspect in robbery before death
police have named the cop who shot michael brown. is latest report from :
way to flash a gang sign while asking for peace
police have a duty to protect everyone, blacks protect criminals and use the death to make money.
if anyone is curious what cognitive dissonance looks like, examine this bobby news gent.
asked why he released surveillance video of robbery , chief jackson responds , " because the press asked for it
they asked for the report on the shooting. 🕛🕧🕐🕜🕑🕝🕒that one takes much longer to create ...
maybe lord knows i do not watch that shit fox news so maybe the chief does.
the public never knew it existed ?!!!!
how do you ask for something you know nothing about ?
press asked for something they did not know about. interesting
i am just glad that police department is too stupid to cover their shit up right.
thank you for reporting the story without slanting the news - fan here
you made me do it ! “
" pd charged a man with destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms while 4 officers beat him .
the police are lying deceiving racist criminals ! watch the behavior, not the tall tales of tell-lie-vision
again why are people questioning the governor about being tardy to the party
republican rand is speaking out strongly against police brutality against blacks news
that why need to take control of their own community
trust a pig and their body cam and here is proof ! please re tweet
alleged theft of cigars is not a reason to shoot dead an unarmed teenager .
put his hands in the air, and the cop did not care !!!
alleged theft of cigars is not a reason to shoot dead an unarmed teenager.
police need no excuse to violate rights, and take lives, where you was ?
alleged theft of cigars is not a reason to shoot dead an unarmed teenager. ” 🙌🙌🙌🙌
alleged theft of cigars is not a reason to shoot dead an unarmed teenager. ”
alleged theft of cigars is not a reason to shoot dead an unarmed teenager. ”
so sad. i looked at both pics. it sure looks like him.
well depends on the cigar.
correct. which is why he was not, you ass kiss.
who said it was ?
no one is saying that mr. straw man.
do you understand what i am saying ? how had they already determined was the suspect when the report was
if true i can agree.
i asked the same thing !
once he put his hands up he should not have been shot again.
i saw that too. like are you assuming it was him the same day it happened low
did you shoplift as a kid ?
you do not blend in at 6 ft 4 and 300 pounds.
not justifying what the police did. we need more facts.
yes my brother is his size ....
the words ex post facto “ come to mind.
so in , robbing a convenience carries the death penalty . got it .
i still can not believe that they are claiming that he pushed the cop back in the car.
so robbing a convenience carries the death penalty. got it.
my sister works at mays. she says white folks stealing all day long. they live
with a nonsensical id to boot. the only thing that made him a suspect was his race.
but not if you are white & amp ; commit robbery in hollywood
so robbed the store then leisurely walked down the street ?
no death penalty was issued by any court.
simply being suspected of robbery carries a death penalty
the press conf makes pd look like they have gone from stonewalling to counter punching . we give up a
exactly since when is jaywalking punishable by death ?
say it again oh never mind, i can just rt it
the first goal is to get a conviction so he can never be a cop again.
since they want to label as a shoplifter, since when is that crime punishable by death ?
i would rather be a than being a now
damn surveillance video we give up a name, we drag his through the mud.
makes them look inept as well.
what is so frustrating is that now we are talking about a robbery and not the killing of an unarmed
that was the intention. misdirection.
why not wait for the investigation & amp ; try your best to be objective.
needs to brown family they are right
criminalizing black the most effective distraction tactic in american history ...
that was their plan amp ; its working with the sheep !!
that is probably the whole point of releasing the video. very sad/devious.
so quit talking about a robbery, stick to the subject
amp that a jaywalking incidence lead to a dead 18 y/o is beyond all understanding.
this is ridiculous.
agreed but it can not be ignored
i am not talking at the robbery. reasonable people know that stealing cigars is not justification 4 execution
this is exactly what the pd & amp ; their pr machine want-focus off their indefensible behavior.
we would rather talk about anything other than a white police officer murdering an unarmed black kid.
: the officer involved in the shooting of michael brown is named darren wilson , police chief says .
this says it all should not be a single voter after this
is he in jail now ? is he going to stand trial ? these are the pertinent questions
the selective release of information by pd tells us nothing about the shooting . instead appears to be a basic
and we expected more from the police force that tear gassed a news van ?
photo rehearsed. disgusting. criminal.
where ever he he is well protected ... they have already circled the surrounding wagons ...
and now the whole world is watching !!! can not sweep this under any rug !
the right wing spin machine is in full damage control.
in 2009 pd beat a black man , then charged him for getting blood on their uniforms
follow me. ill follow back asap. (not spam) !
really come on your saying anything
but the police chief said this sort of thing never happens in guess he is wrong again.
at 8:00 police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown .
changed out mind again. thought you had a friend. “
at police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown.
at police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown. ”
if anyone has the chance ask when he will be arrested ?
any sense if they will release other info, like autopsy results ?
they are an hour behind us so 30mins we should know the shooter
i hope they tell the truth
at police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown. ”
at police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown. ”
rt at police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown.
at police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown. ”
at police will release the name of the officer who shot michael brown. ”
report : cop identified as unarmed teen is killer skipped town days ago
report cop identified as unarmed teen is killer skipped town days ago ” wow !!!!
well that is one way to avoid prosecution.
the story of the police handling is going from rotten to worse.
could that be the reason why police chief waited to release his name ?
also are you going to post the cigar video ?!
report cop identified as unarmed teen is killer skipped town days ago
was he interviewed by do ? forensics collected ?
or is digs mt rpm : cop identified as unarmed teen is killer skipped town days ago
skipped town with injuries to his face btw was he charged with anything.
report cop identified as unarmed teen is killer skipped town days ago ”
report cop identified as unarmed teen is killer skipped town days ago
took a week , but we finally at the moment where mike brown is officially a suspect in his own
not always there when it is called but it is always on time
you are a piece of shit.
so in 5mins mike brown shaved his head and changed his scandals to shoes . i think your being lied
the red cap is see other angle
but definitely sandals to footwear
being broadcast on police radio ?? right at the moment ??
cant verify that is him and can change in car
yes. a neutral jury of his peers
i was thinking the same thing !
.... he is actually barefoot
very interesting maybe robbery was done at a different time or a different day
you do not shoot a kid un armed
even if that was brown in the store that doesn’t mean a cop can just shoot him.
assuming the crown or equivalent approve charges
and where is the red hat from the robbery ?
the riots sure gave us a glimpse of our own loss of freedoms to protest. dd
who shaved his head then 5 min the guy is bald see the glee off his head ???
what other angle .... all i have been the angles you provided
there is no red hat in the pic on left ....
please check these inconsistencies how is it that these inconsistencies are overlooked by ?
also put on long pants & amp ; lost his red hat.
he has a hat on in the surveillance video ... can not see hair
it is him. red cap. but foot ware change happened.
oh , whoops , the robbery had nothing to do with being stopped , but at least now half of
cops are usually too to actually confront for jaywalking unless something suspicious happens after contact.
this is what pd did to in 2009 when they mistook him for a man with an outstanding warrant
you should have posted the incident report along with the photo !
seems these cops think too much & amp ; know too little ...
my god ... what the hell ... bastards !!!
that person that tweeted that to inform people that same pd has a history of being on bull shit
because all black boys look alike and suspect ? of.
get the democrat vote out in and fire the whole police force
this is what pd did to in 2009 when they mistook him for a man with an outstanding warrant
there was no lawsuit for damages ?
i am sure he did nothing wrong and just stood there and took it rights ?
and the black female democratic judge disagreed with the case he presented.
the media did not even know the video existed , but he just said they requested it ? dude .
media knew. talk of a related robbery has been around since the first day.
. how did you learn media did not know of video ?
press conference just now by police chief.
this bullshit is falling off a cliff
same media his cops were ordering away from the military action area and shutting down their communications.
he did not deserve to die. period. this is foolery
can you say cover up ! “)
this guy is full of it. i do not trust anyone from that police force.
he could use some mentoring from capt johnson for sure.
please say that on !!!
please stop pretend you did not feel video is terror of store clerk that is not. helping
this guy tweeted about what mike did.
pd charged w/ " destruction of property " for bleeding on their uniforms :
violent amp police officers must be prosecuted. “ : pd
you got police dept.
this can not be true .... low
i see. these guys are like the 3 stooges
which is an insult to the three stooges, but i agree with your point a hundred percent.
you read that right. click the link and read the whole thing
pd charged destruction of property “ for bleeding on their uniforms :
pd charged “ destruction of property “ for bleeding on their uniforms :
lets bomb nurseries w/ white babies !? fbi : leader inciting violence in
whitey says we got e am too “ ...
brainwashed rt why are they all carrying commie rifles ?
it is time to round them all up & amp ; throw them in prison where they belong.
why are they all carrying commie rifles ?
. ponchos great for style but will not stop bullets.
they got the i got da ammo.
the original mental tweeter
i am locked and loaded.
also has lesser restrictive gun laws than texas !
yep that is the america is version of isis
they will be easy to spot ...
not only easy to easy to hit.
and we have fewer gun laws than texas !
and their godfather is
answer stand your ground law “ in every state.
were those guns a bulk purchase ? they look to be all the same.
do not understand what you mean. our “ gun court “ ?
my response to is brought it.
all set up by holder and obama.
my guess would be most. they do incite the words of nation of islam.
is cow state ,,,,,, all of it.
i am fucking ready ... locked and loaded ...
no doubt emboldened by zero enforcement of their voter intimidation racket.
lets bomb nurseries white babies !? fbi : leader inciting violence in
so st is allowing corrupt new york city to speak and act for them.
any guesses on the cumulative iq ?? 87 .... 88 ?
cigarettes on staten island . cigars in . are these seriously enough to take a life ?
did police tell the anybody about this ? the fbi ?
it is like justifying rape based on the clothes a victim was wearing. nonsense.
admitted not handled right but this large kid was no “ nice “ college kid.
f'n cops and stupid people seem to think money and property is more valuable than human life.
black life unfortunately.
when they are black police do not care at all
law allows police to shoot fleeing suspect.
no. we have a court system to try criminal allegations. cops are not judge and jury.
maybe the questions are they worth dying over “ ?
cigarettes on island. cigars in. are these seriously enough to take a life ?
rt cigarettes on island. cigars in. are these seriously enough to take a life ?
when your brown they really do not even need a complex reason.
police can only shoot fleeing suspect if poses significant threat of death or serious bodily harm.
young brothers have gotta stop doing stupid stuff.
not gone law is not written that way.
i guess our police now define these as dangerous weapons
wow rt : " the initial contact between the officer and mr. brown was not related to the robbery ,
can not wait to see the cop go to trial
i am watching him stumble & amp ; bumble through this questioning.
he admitted the officer stopped for walking in the street-not a robbery.
breaking : police have identified darren wilson as the cop who shot and killed michael brown . more details to
that guy is going to die.
new development : pentagon supplied st. louis county police with military-grade weapons .
new development pentagon supplied st. louis county police with military-grade weapons.
always figured someone above was pulling strings
seriously tell us something we do not already know
not a new development. standard across the country. it is the 1033 program.
they supply the entire world with weapons !
you should see land is arsenal
actually now since 1999 the military has been giving “ all “ police dept their excess supplies
when did this occur recently or some time ago ?
this has been happening since 1990
new development pentagon supplied st. louis county police with military-grade weapons. ” brush
i personally do not trust st. louis county pd , and i think they waited all this time to forge
find something oh look he went to a store, let is say he robbed it !
or it could simply be the truth. unfortunately, we will never know for sure.
you never had the correct name of the officer, losing faith in anonomis
a criminal organization should have never been trusted. it was a witch hunt. sickened me.
just admit you got the wrong person man seriously you cocked up
so what about where did his info come from ???
whatever happen to the lost phones what footage was on those ????
is that armed robbery on the police dispatch
want us to believe this . .t.otoope outrage across the country
you guys still doing this ? have not you caused enough trouble with your own piss poor investigation
robbery was over a tobacco product from qt, minutes before.
according to st. news and videos from previous days.
why is my picture as your picture that is creepy !
exactly figuring out a way to spin this shit.
it totally sounds like you are from the st area ....
i am right there with you
or maybe you were just wrong ?
... you followed blindly and believed all his shit. lurk mar and believe less.
lies was not wanted in robbery otherwise his friend would he been considered an accomplice
i make up my own mind.
i heard tin foil hats are on sale at walmart !
yeah and and the tooth fairy are real too
that is certainly what it looks like ...
took time to file sunshine request
well you are trusting a fail fag just cut he has an anon name and avid, so .....
is family calls it " devious " the way the police chief released info meant to " assassinate " their
discussion happening now call in 1-888-400-5574
that is what devils do !
this is troubling because this could have been disclosed in the beginning.
it is but it is not unprecedented as we all know
check this out. very interesting take. .
... and we are all left to wonder why it was not.
we are with police chief thomas jackson
this young man assassinated his own character
things must and will change. tell everyone to get out the vote.
he is caught on camera stealing and assaulting. that is his character
chief jackson : initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery .
then why was the surveillance video released concurrently with the officer is name ?
rt chief jackson : initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery.
rt chief initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery.
chief : initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery. ”
chief initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery. ”
chief needs to resign. he is responsible.
rt chief initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery.
chief initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery.
chief initial contact between officer and was not related to robbery. ”
lawyers for police in bad shootings often advise shooters not to write reports or even speak to commanders or investigators
key word bad shooting
in other words lie and cover up.
cigarillo is not a felony.
looking forward to your show this eve.
but robbery and assault is.
and lawyers remind citizens not to talk to the police.
what we do know is that mb had a propensity to get physical with people.
is not that in violation of any procedure requiring termination ?
did not say that. let is wait till investigation is over. how about that novel idea ?
is it illegal for the officer not to fill out a report after he shoots a suspect ?
the police chief confirmed the stop of had absolutely nothing to do with the alleged convenience store robbery .
which is even more alarming for him to gun down
so why was it released ??
to try to convince the public and media he was a violent thug to justify what was done
this pisses me off to a level i can not adequately describe.
the police chief confirmed the stop of had absolutely nothing to do with the alleged convenience store robbery.
. keeps playing the video while saying it has nothing to do with the murder of this is psychological warfae
hired is lawyer mark o mara .... just saying'!!!!
is giving better coverage from what i have been seeing
family of michael brown slams police chief is " devious " attempt to " blame the victim "
the lack from the actual crime in question, yes.
information verification takes time especially when people are rioting. executive witness is alleged accomplice
police always seem to do this when a black person is involved.
not releasing all it in unprofessional manner is deceptive/misleading potential shplftn does not equate with murder
but to say it is devious to release official photographs and police reports is transparency no ?
i think they mean piecemeal.
this information was released conveniently at same time as officer is name. it is called deflection.
not at all. why release information before verifying it is true ? i would be more concerned otherwise
what definitive evidence exists that validates that statement ?
yes. when done in this manner. meaning almost a week later. the timing is suspicious.
family of brown slams police chief is “ devious “ attempt to “ blame the victim “
but they did execute him. this is them steering away from that.
releasing official police reports and surveillance footage is devious ?
hobby lobby asks pd for clarification : " we thought chopping off someone is hand was the maximum penalty for
... that is just plain funny.
terrible attempt at humor. shame on you.
that is only in countries that need to be converted !
you know that was funny !
chief jackson : officer darren wilson stopped initially because he was in the street and blocking traffic .
so not murder that is my point !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ticket able offense not execution worthy !!!!
rt chief officer darren wilson stopped initially because he was in the street and blocking traffic.
if you kill an innocent person you are a criminal and should be handled as such.
but they calling it law enforcement protect and serve. smh
sure ... let is draw attention to ourselves ! ~
you do know i was being sarcastic ?
how about ... we just stop killing innocent people period ? seems easy enough to me.
how do we know that happened ? there are multiple eye witnesses that say otherwise.
it is not working.
do you have a source for that ?
only the ones that people get away with, do to their authority ...
u us covered all grounds then
and how long has innocent blacks been getting killed.
my point was that whole eye for an eye mentality just results in more innocents being killed.
its jaywalking and it is a ticket-able offense
shoot unarmed kid . conceal evidence . impose martial law . harass reporters . smear the victim . worst .
like me mistakenly calling an 18 year old a kid is worse than the other 4 points ?
just think how this story would be if the cop was black and the vic was white
legally yeah he was.
if only they had the balls to say “ we are sorry “
17 is a 18 is an adult. being big has no relevance.
sure. everyone lies but the “ minority “ in these situations.
fox news will talk about it now
u win. i am apparently not qualified for lottie of the week anymore. take it back.
for all we it is standard practice.
. why do you start your question with a lie ?
better camera clearly shows flip flops
i am sorry kid “, i got no times for bs. peace.
and they think we are buying this bullshit !
here are pix i have.
. kid he was just a harmless little baby, just got out of kindergarten ...
why should only cops be allowed to have guns again ?
was 17 when he got killed. legally a minor.
. you would not have heard shit about it.
all the reactionaries learned this “ strong-arm “ phrase today.
done. i read comprehension “. now what, genius ?
you do not. i also think you are lying at your entire online identity.
i think that is all you got time for.
it sounds similar to what the egyptian police did to khalid said in 2011 !
name of cop is expected to be released by 9 et , police chief says : ( j.b. forbes ,
good of ' boy system at work just like 1865.
get ready to tweet the address and other vigilantes.
the interview the police chief conducted yesterday was the worst interview i have ever seen
2nd police-involved shooting reported in , mo ., overnight
2nd shooting reported in, mo., overnight ” what are they doing ?
2nd shooting reported in, mo., overnight ”
i heard about someone talking martial law. no rights curfew 9:00 pm stay home. freedom gone.
i am spreading the words “ stop reaching in a police car for the officers gun “
2nd shooting reported in ,mo .oovernight”
2nd shooting reported in, mo., overnight ” pray !!!
2nd shooting reported mo., overnight
. why is hell bent on smearing ' black men ' ?
people better chill out or they will bring more unnecessary deaths upon their city
hang the pigs. 2nd police-involved shooting reported in, mo., overnight ”
today would have completed his 1st week of college & amp ; police chief spent most time suggesting he is
i argue that economics and a culture that glamorizes crime have to do with it.
it is robbery if you touch a person in the store.
it is about percentages is all about percentages)
it. for it to be robbery, there must be fear of deadly harm.
now that is funny !
alters brain mood kills memory, brain cells.
this is not remotely what happened in this situation.
walks him down. that is what i see. sorry.
source i meant to post. )
you post one white supremacist website and everybody thinks you are a racist.
after somebody walks out of a store with your shit ? c among.
oh so now we are making up terms to suit murdering an 18-year old for shoplifting.
brain disorders and schizophrenia |
the negative effects are minimal and manageable if used with caution and care.
fear. that is
i understand why it is used.
you did not find this funny ?
you can twist percentages around to mean a lot of things.
10 reasons to stay away from weed. 8. lower iq. 10. personality changes
unless they completely changed their faces, they looked middle eastern. lol.
and there is a history of problems in ferguson that go beyond one incident.
nope. not a fact. weed causes permanent personality changes and can cause irritably and aggressiveness.
... many gay men are lisping, mincing fairies.
robbery involves a weapon. no weapon shown here.
not paid leave is hard to stomach.
you are one dumb bitch. lol
name calling is a tactic used by right-wingers who have
no it is not. you are obviously not a lawyer.
it’s enough to commit a robbery if you use any type of force to take property from someone
absolutely. fear of violence does not mean being pushed. give me a break.
you wonder why property values are lower in black neighborhoods ? see earlier statistics.
true. whites are the majority of the population.
we are talking percentages though.
you are more likely to stumble across a criminal by targeting white men.
please. this is what happens when you believe your own eyes ...
do we know why the clerk bothered pursuing him ? why pursue if he paid ?
there is no such animal as a “ strong-arm “ robbery.
fact reached for officers gun and wrestled him inside his car ... from the mouth of the witness
it is as real as any mental addiction. it is not physically addictive.
so where in the video is he paying ?
since when since brown was shot ? strong-armed robbery is robbery using a weapon.
this is nonsense. this is why my children need protection from twisted thinking like yours.
we know a cop shot an unarmed 18 year old at least six times.
you watch way too many movies. do not believe every music video you see.
nowhere in any law book does it say robbery involves the threat or application of deadly force.
he paid for the cigars. end of story.
nope. not true. sorry.
he paid for them. why delete that part of the video ???
yeah right. easy to say when the generalizations are not being made about you.
if you are talking about profiling, you are talking about likelihood, that mean is percentages.
sorry. faulty math there.
does not make either one an*whole
store did not report a robbery. did not know why police wanted surveillance footage.
it is an act of violence. so, yes, that is included under force.
you do not like math ?
... cultural values in these communities, reduce drug use and gang influence, and encourage higher education.
he did not walk into the store and threaten the clerk either.
i have known plenty of potheads that function just fine and are active, intelligent people.
he was a criminal. stop overlooking the facts ...
great. see you in court.
robbery is theft using threat of deadly force.
you are an idiot and a racist ! lol
of course conveniently pd deletes the part of the video that shows he paid for them ...
gunned down an unarmed man. the reason matters little.
medical journal pros and cons in one post |
this is the lie perpetuated by the right.
i hope you are an adjunct, because if not, you are a fucktarded law professor.
um. yes there is. it is a legal term.
this is pointless. just look it up. i am through here.
psychology today marijuana addiction is real |
it is robbery once something is taken.
go prove me wrong.
you said the threat of deadly force is required. it is absolutely not.
there are more white people. but that is irrelevant to the point i am making.
what are you talking about ?
10. people are nicer on weed. fact.
i have never pushed a clerk.
only police have said eyewitnesses have not. police have confirmed he was unarmed-that is 1 constant fact
he walked up to the register. there does not seem to be any altercation at the counter.
suppositions you mean like the ones you are making ?
using this as evidence for the brown case is a logical fallacy called ' faulty generalization. '
... okay ...)
actually it is a word used when dealing with a racist.
great. this entire exchange started over my comment about using black-on-black crime as a subterfuge.
your info from
all of the experts agree it causes the motivational syndrome and decreases memory ...
clerk pushed him first. does that make him an*whole ?
sad yes. unfair absolutely. logical ? well. yeah.
since there are more white people and they commit the majority of crime ...
meanwhile jams shoots 82 people in aurora and is taken alive ...
i would hope you are a hot mess.
does not mean that is what happened. we do not know what happened.
my point is if someone pushes you, expect to be pushed back
picture on top shows the robbery. called a strong arm robbery, and it is a felony
where did police suggest that ? what a fucking cunt.
sorry. i know better than this. the lies do not work with me.
the war on drugs increased all incarcerations significantly.
sorry you need to tell this to someone who has not seen the opposite first hand.
except for the 9-1-1 bombers had european passports, dyed hair and did not look middle eastern.
you really are not very good with deciphering our giving meaning to statistics
sorry. devaluation came before crime.
it is a robbery the second you touch an employee. w/out weapons it is strong arm robbery.
but he did not walk into the store and shove the clerk.
the way to fix this is to stop stripping the wealth from black communities
disproportionately property values are devalued in black communities, disproportionately black incomes are predominately less
thats like saying i know plenty of alcoholics that function just fine.
racist the word idiots use when they lose an argument.
admitted it. brown violently shoved the clerk. end of story.
much of it has to do with economics.
not for legalizing marijuana at all. sorry.
black men tend to be more likely to live in poverty.
actually it is very pertinent. try this one. it gets to the point quicker ...
you can not suppose from that any greater propensity for crime. sorry.
the answers are all there in the statistics. all you need to do is think about them.
fact admitted to robbing store. (that is a fact) .
i am not retweeting the pic of is body , but evidently he lost the hat and changed his shoes
it is because to white cops we all look alike.
i am not smearing. i am portraying his past demeanor like they are with the ferguson police dept
which we do not even have confirmation actually happened. the gas station said nobody stole anything.
but it is to smear the cop that is alive without due process ? honest question.
lost his too.
my gangster was with a real shotgun and i was 17.
post lies research first makes you look dumb
you know all black people look the same * eye roll *
and aged quite a bit. maybe he was a time traveler ?
all in the span of 9 minutes. in broad daylight.
looks like the same person in these pics to me ?
fact . we know more about how allegedly stole cheap cigars than how and why a police officer shot and
curious ... is not it ?
can not steal if they in a bag
this is why cops should have to wear live stream go pros
police once beat a man then charged him with destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms
it is sad when real headlines read like the. pd needs and overhaul !
police once beat a man then charged him with destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms
quit inciting more violence. is not there enough.
i thought this was tongue in cheek or something from the onion when i first read it.
notice how the surveillance video in the jail, mysteriously malfunctioned.
update : police release stills from convenience store footage showing robbery
justice for the police dept. they were doing their job & amp ; protecting your sorry butts.
thanks for that. i want to see photos if they were taken. they should have been.
release of the dispatch recordings might come out as well.
i am looking for his read hat and his flip flops can you find them ?
you do a lot of bitching and whining, but never make any points.
they killed thugs are thugs whatever color they are.
are you justifying the murder of an unarmed adult ?
check your facts and the pics from what he was wearing when he was gunned down, sh
gentle right. go arrest that partner he had too.
is still alive. so is the guy who shot a congresswomen in az.
then what is the relevance ?
i did not head you 👂
i said teen not child but again, how is the pic relevant ?
if the officer did his job he would be arrested not murdered. still the point.
good folk of support your police dept., riot against the thugs in your town.
he was not a an adult who was robbing a business.
you are one sick stupid person.
update police release stills from convenience store footage showing robbery
still unclear in the context of the shooting of an unarmed teen. but ok.
good piece of evidence to bad the officer was still wrong for murdering a strong armed robbery
he is large. in the store photos you have some prospective unlike the still photos.
you are a peter piper follower. monkey see, monkey do.
are there reports of the officer receiving injuries ?
read my heading. i do not concern myself with your opinion. your a sheep.
are you really justifying the murder of an unarmed kid ? o
oh well that just justifies everything does not it.
are you afraid of admitting you are a racist ? are you afraid of being called a racist ?
this is mike brown stop lying and get your facts straight next time you insult another humans life
i have not but i just think it turns into a said he/she said without them.
you are one sick racist bitch
what point are you making about the photo ?
was not mike brown wearing pants, and shoes ?
they killed them self.
this proves what rt update : police release stills from convenience store footage showing robbery
my brother i am familiar with their size
hold on while chief jackson sprinkles a little crack on that mike brown crime scene ...
hold on while chief jackson sprinkles a little crack on that mike brown crime scene ... ”
hold on while chief sprinkles a little crack on that mike brown crime scene ...
and an unregistered firearm too. i am just /waiting/
so police can afford machine guns but they can not afford dash cameras for their squad cars ?
thought it was that they had purchased them but never installed them.
so they can not afford to open them ?
that is crazy. they did not seem as disorganized when it came to preparing for the riots.
ha. the stakes are higher.
they at least bothered to take the machine guns out if the box.
not sure about i read it was just a matter of laziness / disorganization / carelessness.
they have them but they are still in boxes
so they could not afford to open and install them ?
video cameras on patrol cars to make video/ camp ; audio recording of contact with the public/or suspect
with the 1033 rifles probably cost less than body cams.
they are protecting and serving themselves. clearly not
protecting and right
darren wilson is a six year veteran of the police and had no disciplinary actions against him .
sure none of the officers in have any infractions against them ........
is a six year veteran of the police and had no disciplinary actions against him.
is it true there was a struggle in the squad car, before shooting ?
you do an amazing job ! thank you.
police apparently has a history of fabrication .
police apparently has a history of fabrication. ” not shocking
ya do not say. : police apparently has a history of fabrication. ”
what in the holy hell ??!!! “. : police apparently has a history of fabrication. ”
even chief of was like am i really reading this to the public.
this sounds like some shit, they have been taking time to cover up the truth !
police apparently has a history of fabrication. ” wow.
absolutely. rt even chief of ferguson was like am i really reading this to the public.
that story is fabrication unto itself low
jig is police apparently has a history of fabrication. ”
police apparently has a history of fabrication.
also as someone whose had his balls kicked into the roof of his mouth.
chief says the name of the officer that shot will be released this morning
we already know his name. bryan p tillman. thanks to
we wait with bated breath.
all these post and clean up. is it possible to bring back ??
it is too late we already know who he is
funny how they are releasing after only after anonymous already hacked and tweeted the real name of the officer
rt chief says the name of the officer that shot will be released this morning
chief says the name of the officer that shot will be released this morning
' bout too many secrets in this situation
he said that 6 mornings ago.
6 days later
this is going to cause a group to endanger his family -- violence does not solve violence.
rt chief says the name of the officer that shot will be released this morning ”
he looks exactly how i imagine that entire police force looks : fat, white and completely incompetent.
that guess was wrong. it is darren wilson.
how the hell do you work somewhere and do not know the people hate your ass ? lies smdh
that was my mistake. tillman was the man standing over him.
i refuse to call the police chief incompetent when it is so clear the release of that video was calculated
nods everything been on purpose and right on time
sage words my fellow professor.
exactly. they merely appear that way.
you do not have to be competent to be malicious
he is an incompetent that is for sure.
they not a bunch of bumbling elmer funds.
breaking news : according to documents released to the press , was connected to an earlier robbery
i have a real civil rights idea that will work.
these pictures look but stealing rills does not justify murder !
did not the manager of the store already say this was not true
lies was not wanted 4 robbery otherwise his friend would he been considered an accomplice ...
that still is no excuse to kill him
there is a million dudes wearing cargoes & amp ; white tees everyday please stop
all i see is him walking in a store
this guy is way fatter than mike
breaking news according to documents released to the press, was connected to an earlier robbery
he stole a candy bar and was threatened the cops will come to resolve the issue
of you have to crop have his face.
so , to sum up : 1 ) darren wilson knew nothing of the robbery , 2 ) shot over
so he should have been shot ten times ? that narrative is in doubt via the eyewitnesses.
and did not write his own incident report
this story just keeps exponentially devolving.
and on paid vacation courtesy if taxpayer.
the robbery that was not a robbery. . . huh.
police in plan to release name of officer who shot unarmed teen michael brown :
that is a really stupid announcement by the ferguson police
the man in
plan on it release it already. brown
how will that make a difference to the grieving gamin and unrest / distrust in
all this because they are black people, who are in america second class
they do not have a choice under mo law
then put him under guard ???
is officially screwed !
better than the crap sparking ice buy available now on amazon
police in plan to release name of officer who shot unarmed teen michael brown :
i will keep the brown family in prayers !
pd expected to release the name of officer who killed mike brown shortly . watch here
i just heard on the radio that they will not release the name.
my mother does what if you know where that bitch is she owes me milk
now everyone gonna go after him
and the sad thing is he is probably already half away around the country in the witness protection
i hope they do not. until we know the facts why put his life in jeopardy.
they are waiting for him to go into hiding before they release his name.
. hope they convict him.
pd expected to release the name of officer who killed mike brown shortly. watch here
so they will know his name but will they convict him ?
!! cops once nabbed wrong man but charged him w/ property damage for bleeding on uniforms-they had beat him
are they so stupid i do not think so
a hop song actually about police brutality ply listen, share
more like south !
yeah 5 years ago ! come on - that is ancient history and almost beyond living memory !
in any other place there would be a coup after these types of incidents
cops once nabbed wrong man but charged him w/ property damage for bleeding on uniforms-they had beat him
shot ten times . unarmed . what else is there to talk about ?
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
25 fans your tweet has been favorite by 25 people.
but i do not think spreading unproven facts is the way to go.
based on the information regarding have, it does not look like a justified shooting.
100 fans your tweet has been favorite by 100 people.
do we know for a fact that he was shot 10 times ?
ten times has that been announced ? they are so screwed !
rt shot ten times. unarmed. what else is there to talk about ?
shot ten times. unarmed. what else is there to talk about ? ”
10 times. are you sure ?, i thought it was 4-6 times
line of police cars with high beams on greets anyone trying to enter . it is shut down . no
and has declared a no-fly zone.
why am i reminded of tienanmen square.
is this photo from last night ?? please clarify because you are using present tense.
these pigs need to be taken down !
freedom of the press my ass
yeah land of the free my a camp ;
man these guys are such boneheads !!
and this is not tyranny because ...?? beuller ??
is joining and china communist style of governance. the cops are calling the protesters animals.
that is from last night. not tonight.
they wanted u 2 believe that was a criminal , a criminal , a thief , & amp ; now
lets start a real movement for everywhere. make a trending topic guys.
and a drunk. they said was a drunk. * eye roll *
and capt coon just consigned their bs praising the gov
being black has always been a crime in america
sure do. capt coon is good. when the sis wanted answers he ended the press cone
you would think it would have been more newsworthy when missouri got rid of due process and made shoplifting a
strong arm robbery cut he touched dude. el. oh. el. america
why does not live broadcast. the whole world should see this brutality
it could not possibly be.
the police department conducting the investigation on the ferguson police.
do not forget he shoved someone. i am sure that justifies it ...
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
the info given today seems to line up with this witness account , even the alleged theft :
how did get way across town on foot in 2mins the time line do not add up sh
please interpret that for us white people. sub titles maybe.
. as suspect should have been made public much earlier-todays pd report = legal tactic as i said
and his body was not place in an ambulance
i just call them the way i see them. ”
still do not justifiable to shoot a man several times !!
this video proves nothing. we will see wants the store video and victim of store speaks
... all the truth actually comes out .
i remember watching this video on monday.
saw this a few days ago. glad you tweeted it.
news says suspect pushed employee when asked to pay for cigarillos.
seems like the two incidents are independent of each other and not connected as might be concluded.
piecing together an excuse for executing a teenager, it is disgusting. all involved need investigating.
shoplifting and assault. strong arm would be pushing the employee to obtain the items, no ?
i just call them the way i see them.
once you push an employee it is strong-arm robbery.
i still do not hear that kid saying they stole them.
this is devastating. he still did not deserve to die.
we will see it does look like him kinda
is the friend in the video in the photos the police have ?
it was him that shopped lift
finger print of the officer gun which is hard to take out a holder
regardless even if did alleged) the price 4 any scuffle should not be being murdered by cops
says the cashier did not call police. is there a tape of the 911 call ?
the info given today seems to line up with this witness account, even the alleged theft :
that logo on his hat and shoes will tell all. and the store victim
2 for that is robbery ? even 6 packs do not run u 10.
also lines up pretty well with the witness hsbc spoke with last night.
he says if was not quick trip. and i hear ferguson market says he paid.
yea i am really confused on that part of the video as well ...
michael brown did not steal anything !!!!! it has just been reported that he did not steal anything
what station are you watching ?
can i ask where this info is from ?
those people unfortunately will find a reason to justify the death regardless
get used to it ... read
brown did not steal anything !!!!! it has just been reported that he did not steal anything
you were there ? ” * blocks *
there is no justification for gunning him down in the street.
thank you very much. i appreciate it ! stay well !!
i know that. i was just adding to your disgust.
you stupid the irony .... move along
this fucking city will burn if it does
why did they shoot him ?
she is an ignoramus and can not argue intelligently so she just blocks people. typical
men on the rise “
you were there
thank you i will dig into it
you are an incredibly stupid human being.
that tweet was directed towards the racist trolls trying to use that lie as a justifiable reason for execution
nearly 7k blacks were murdered last yr -- almost all by other blacks . a tiny % were unarmed-killed-by-cop .
black on black crime is not what feeds them.
cops need to be held to a higher standard.
mo is black and had no homicides all year until mike brown.
there is no money in black on black crime.
1,800 plus black babies aborted a day. no one hates blacks like other blacks.
how many of those blacks that killed blacks avoided prosecution ?
no no no $$$, for race hawkers !
there is no in it for them.
yet the lotus wants for illegals.
i do not believe that was his “ point “ at all.
i am not believing this story because i know how the police lie and will keep lying and will organize
they just new he needed better than “ he went for my gun “, so this bullshit.
look at the stills. it was brown. still does not justify shooting.
even if it is constitution says he has a right to a fair trial, not execution
police chief : the initial contact between and was not related to the alleged theft of cigars .
do you have reference thank you.
w. t. f. why did they bring it up then ?! a-holes.
so then there was no reason he killed him. that is a better story ?
. seems they are having trouble getting their stories straight. wonder why ?
yo rt police chief the initial contact between and was not related to the alleged theft
so why release the robbery information first
so it even begs the ?? more now, why bother releasing that info today ?
. we all knew but it is nice he admits it.
officer in shooting death of michael brown was unaware he was a suspect : police
that all smells at bullish ...
truth u. seals to 911 @ home. police judges prison guards
know bull “ when they hear it !
maybe this explains why he attacked the officer. he thought he was going to get arrested.
in the heat of the night, thought the same thing
dam that police chief looks like carol o'conner
that is why they kept him under wraps : the subterfuge continues in !
botched pr jobs by made matters worse, brown was killed for no reason.
send these super cops to iraq. & amp ; russia bring home our real soldiers !
officer in shooting death of michael brown was unaware he was a suspect : police
key point : officer wilson was not aware that was a robbery suspect . it will be key in establishing
insurance covers a building and the goods inside.
he was saying it was a different store ...
new that he had just committed a serious crime. that is key in establishing state of mind.
police report says clerk indicated the suspect left and walked towards quick trip.
me just saying the situation is bad in many ways.
witness from the video admitted brown was there. that much i did not misunderstand low
wait for lawyers to help write verbiage ... but that is just what i recall, could be wrong
i mean witnesses. did anyone hear wilson say anything ?
from what i understand the fbi has taken over
what to tell the guy says it clearly. just says brown was not stealing.
i saw it yesterday. and talked to people who spoke to him
that is what i understood
by writing the he would be providing evidence against himself.
based on history over last 5 year is, and that area. he gets (cont)
just have a judge died society ?
watch again. you heard wrong
and as we have seen already. this police force is very (cont)
hey is was not at practice today.
5th but that is why there is no legal statement / account about anything ...
that is what i but this guy says brown was in the car
i believe the witness accounts heard 7+ ... 7 bullets needed for a kneeling unarmed 18 yr old ?
it is a bad situation in many ways. other innocents affected.
the cop shot out the car at mr. brown, then got out car and shot again
dash cams still have do they not ? everyone in court i have seen has
they do not have satellite imagery of everywhere. thats physically impossible.
if you can get them to cover all the loss. they will nickel and dime away.
i am not sure 5th applies to police reports. pretty sure they are required to write incident report
especially if he did nothing wrong ... why would not he writes it and give his story while fresh
every single witness account is exact same. only different 1 is the cop
the witness accounts i have read all say the same thing. only different one is the cops
that is the problem ... this pd was already under federal investigation for shit like this.
if the feds could burial the entire us and world, there would never be any fugitives.
then why did that officer have contact
and i am happy for you that you have not been exposed to this during your lifetime
i misunderstood it. no struggle, but brown was in the police car at one point.
yea but i see how i misunderstood
but that is me. if i am wrong then i can live with that.
you have not been following the news lately. police do go around shooting kids for no reason
5th amendment rights did not file paperwork either
5th amendment. he has the right to not provide evidence against himself.
so you do admit an unarmed kid was shot right ? and fled from where ?
even if it was a franchise ... or is qt different ?
and that statement really just hurt my heart, and i am (cont)
not following why that is important ?
i watched that ... absolutely crazy shit
before this already under fed investigation for racial profiling / brutality etc.
so y'all saying 2 different stories. looking at same video ?
maybe i am having trouble understanding him
so why did he stop him ?
me mentioned a knee not sure how serious
well either way it had nothing to do with the shooting, so it is irrelevant
so i instead of chasing someone for a jay walking citation (cont)
would not open. but i saw 2 witnesses that said different
he is not and will not speak. police department and lawyers made sure of that
police report has zip code of robbery as 63135. only quick trips in the area are 63136
it could just be smoke “ / lame attempt to shift focus from murder to robbery.
did anyone mention anything the cop, wilson, might have said as to why he shot him ?
this lady says in the video the police took down security cameras where mike brown was shot
who did not even write the incident report of his version of accounts
if the guy got shot and fled, where did the dead body come from ?
yea police chief admitted did not know about the robbery.
cop shot while in car. got out. mr. brown then went to knees, shot again
was there seen in video, identified as dorian johnson.
would not be so bad if they were not already under federal interest cases
it takes 7 days to release a coroner is report ... nowhere in (cont)
where did the robbery happen ?
clearly says he was at ferguson market ...
this is the witness that said that
try opening in a browser ...
farmer is market is 63135
officials to release name of cop who shot michael brown on friday
officials to release name of cop who shot michael brown on friday ”
officials to release name of cop who shot michael brown on friday
almost a week too late.
i just not something any of the news outlets have addressed.
officials to release name of cop who shot on friday ”
i would hope the department has some sort of protocol to keep them safe.
any background on this mike brown ??
i hope they protect his family.
he will be dead by monday. their version if mourning = violence.
the police chief just basically confirmed was gunned to death for the crime of walking in the street ? horrific
wrong. the violent assault committed makes it more likely he attacked the cops minutes later.
but ... there was something leading up to the shooting ? or what ?
that is not what i heard at all. what is your source and quote ?
every time the police talk , their story changes . i hate it .
every time the police talk, their story changes. i hate it. ””
rt every time the police talk, their story changes. i hate it.
rt every time the police talk, their story changes. i hate it.
that is what ppm do when they lie
every time the police talk, their story changes. i hate it. ”
rt every time the police talk, their story changes. i hate it.
i wonder how many would believe it coming from the bulk captain ... color blinded ppm.
reminder : forget the robbery , forget the minor looting . nothing justifies militarized police pointing sniper rifles at journalists
nothing justifies militarized police pointing sniper rifles at anyone
poor and the homeless are not royalty.
new bill stop militarizing law enforcement act drafted yesterday
minor looting did not they burn down a store ?
except cocktails. cocktails justify snipers ...
oh yea the cocktails too.
or pointing any weapon at any non-combatant
basically pd did an opposition research dump on mike brown , and not their jobs
exactly. as they always do.
opposition research is for bloggers.
were brown amp his friend in this store
basically pd did an opposition research dump on mike brown, and not their jobs
we have just witnessed the fox versification of an entire police department
because law enforcement officers and political bloggers are exactly the same thing ?
let is not forget that even if mike brown did shoplift , that is not why police said he was
noticed they said robbery and not shoplift.
alleged use of force to allegedly push store person make it robbery and not shoplifting.
then there'z the jaywalking ... “ : noticed they said robbery and not shoplift. ”
according to their initial report brown initiates contact. now the cop stopped him as a potential suspect ?
so still the police officer should be charged with 1st degree murder. nothing changes that
alleged use of force to allegedly push store person make it robbery and not shoplifting
i am all for truth and transparency. how what happened at store vilify cop shooting brown ?
so police narrative in is unarmed teen suspected in unarmed robbery was shot to death . we have still got
picture of robber shows a weapon
so shooting an unarmed black teen in cold blood b/c he could be a robbery suspect is ok ?
case in court will likely turn on that piece of narrative
your little narrative is unraveling. that tends to happen when you jump to conclusions.
the conclusion that was jumped to was made by officers when they shot mb. (cont)
i explain why on my tl
cops beat this man – then charged him for getting blood on their uniforms
really pulling up a case from 6 years ago ? you can do that anywhere
why do not people ever tell the whole story ?
you write this without even reading the full story.
did he sue the police force ?
we need to stop all the non sense. it is about michael brown r i p#🙌🙌🙌
how bout stop writing about it and pick up a gun like them
wow. something has to be done.
our world is broken.
you are joking about this right ?
all we want is justice and that cop in jail
the case is still active. my guess is there are plenty more.
civil suit. got it. lose the shitty attitude.
cops beat this man then charged him for getting blood on their uniforms
and i assure they did this for absolutely no reason, right ? this is pathetic “ journalism “
nothing to do with this case. just fanning the flames.
increasingly seems like police dept . spent all week playing dress-up , could not even be bothered to get its
when did shoplift became robbery.
do you actually report anything accurately jaywalking ? he was a suspect in a strong arm robbery
just like a guilty criminal.
that is because there was no feasible reason for dude to kill him ... police brutality pure and simple
this could be the inspiration for that ' let is be cops ' movie.
remarkably , despite the military-style police presence in , a known killer was able to skip town
but assault has yet to be established
can find him either under a white cone hat or a koch bed !
despite the police presence in, a known killer was able to skip town
watch this girl lie through her teeth at 4:47
i understand his reluctance have his family around the violence, but they should know where he went.
please take no offense to my analogy. is like something from wouldeliverance.
and you are basing your assessment on what ? her statement seems to match other witnesses.
the best literary novel first/sentence/like tweet ever
that is why you were not given his name, so that he could skip town.
says what media you choose to believe. you may want to ask how he feels about that statement
plausible that the wilson in fleeing. psychological tests for cops should be mandatory.
" police in , once charged a man with destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms while four of
john once shot a man for snoring. your move.
that is disgraceful. once again that infamous word “ allegedly “ is used for non-black people.
this is some crooked shit. “ : ”
msnbc is literally reporting that police chief clearly said it was about jay walking . this is a fucking clown
because he was walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic. that was it. ”
fox said the same thing ... you know it is bad when they can not even form logical excuse
first , was accused of shoplifting . now , it is a robbery ? it is very telling how the
and a strong arm robbery at that. at a different store.
did he ever say was a suspect ? it just sounds like he was profiled and improperly approached.
we knew the of mike brown was inevitable ....
and a cover up is a cover up !!
breaking - is police chief has announced darren wilson as the cop who shot and killed . ( not the
do you see how desperately they are trying to connect mike brown to a strong armed ' robbery ?
so anonymous is another branch of the cia like i said
and here we go with the suspect negro is stealing stories.
yes he that meant is hiding something ...
i do not trust people i can not see talk to or meet
what do you think of all the pics with the police in the crowd
should be very careful about relying on “ allies “
what do you think the outcome is gonna be flex ?
i wonder if members of will give up their anonymity to apologizing to the guy they falsely accused.
total the people are not down with them like that
every black man fits the description.
govt is already lost trust. it is suspicious to the point of trivialness.
strong armed robbery
it is different anonymous accounts. i think they all are different hackers that use the anonymous name.
even if they were wrong on this one. i still back 100%.
did you see how he was delivering the news ???
show his face and have mike brown is friend identified it
anonymous named the wrong guy ? do you have a link ?
did not i say that. i was fishy about the,. they trolling.
oh no ... he better be careful .... people are pissed ... pray for peace
careful brother careful that is the type of talk that got us in this predicament in the first place
armed robbery in connection with a police shooting a black man ... wow.
that has nothing to do with anything that we are talking about
in what world do you let a cop who killed someone leave town ?
brilliant lets arrest the entire police force for aiding and abetting.
in what world do you let a cop who killed someone leaves town ?
she has a valid concern. you offer a grossly exaggerated red herring in order too ...?
in they killed 1000 is and still free
i said the exact same thing ! lady told me officer was prob. checking in. hahahahahahahahaha !
vacationing on the buddy i’d imagine.
. in a world where white cops who murder shoplifting kids are free of responsibility for their actions.
a. in a white privilege world
same one where ppm r rioting and that are making death threats to him
i think you know the answer to that one.
when is the police chief being relieved ? he allowed the alleged cop who killed leave town !
in a valid world like ours. where criminals are victims ...
when you place him in the whiteness protection program.
kkk already raising money for the police officer who shot and killed -
already raising money for the police officer who shot and killed -
let is see how much they raise. numbers are very important here ...
blaming a tactic you would know it is who is raising money love keeping
those dumb racist slobs are on the verge of being disassembled.
i would love to shoot every member of the kkk and watch them die slowly. but god forbid
he is already on paid vacation !
i do not doubt it.
tell the to come on 2 they welcome
when the applauds your actions, that is a pretty good clue that you done fact up !
believe the lies. they are trying to stir hate !
i doubt every single cop in ferguson is a white racist. /
the will not be far behind.
the whole police force there is probably a member. i would not be surprised !
already raising money for the police officer who shot and killed - ” 😳
i suspect they will not raise much ... really hope i am right.
breaking : darren wilson named as officer who fatally shot in
rt breaking named as officer who fatally shot in
breaking named as officer who fatally shot in
find him rt breaking : darren wilson named as officer who fatally shot in
this is positive living ??
breaking wilson named as officer who fatally shot in ”
thanks. started to make me think !
breaking wilson named as officer who fatally shot in ” low def sounds black 👀👀👀👀
not just mike brown … second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition
rt not just mike brown … second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition
the guy shot at police. do not get your shit twisted.
man armed with handgun that was pointed at officers ... far different from
police department justice is not here right now “
not just mike brown … second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition ” sh
not just mike brown … second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition ”
not just mike brown … second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition ”
not just mike brown … second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition ” 😐
what are the people going to do ?
not just mike brown … second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition ” sh
not just mike brown second police shooting in leaves man in critical condition
is completely shut down . no journalists allowed .
just closed off to all news helicopters too
not state or feds need to step in and bring some integrity & amp ; accountability
how can they identify a journalist ?
the only thing i can think is, is this even legal
they just going to cleanse the neighborhood of blacks and ' black sympathizers ' so one can complain ??
is completely shut down. no journalists allowed. ” and so it begins
they do not want us seeing this ! police shoot at unarmed civilians in their own yard !!
aka law in full effect. this is why everyone needs to own a gun.
is completely shut down. no journalists allowed. ” us
another in
it should not but in a police state it is.
breaking : police chief just announced that officer darren wilson shot the unarmed teen , michael brown .
i thought you guys h4x0rd it “ alreadyblahahahahahaaaaa
breaking police chief just announced that officer darren wilson shot the unarmed teen, michael brown.
way to botch the name.
or we can shoot him. just like but wait that would be ✌️wrong✌️
are you proud of yourselves for basically inciting violence against the wrong guy ? clowns.
major you all. take it seriously.
woke . rt : 10 mins rt : 6'4 290 . in sandals . rt : hmm
it is. 5 map says 11 minute walk
you the fucking brush
he was probably athletic and quick. do not judge a book by its cover
are you all calling him un athletic for making that far with sandals, sh
i am saying it is unlikely to run that far in sandals.
he never played football because he did not like hitting ppm. what the fuck idiot
bombshell : chief says the police officer might not have even known about the robbery when he shot and killed
i agree. i think it is good to know just how blatantly the cops are lying.
is telling these guys how to run pr ? this is horrible
so why release the robbery police report ?! just to slander the dead ?
then that is ok, right ? holy fucking jeeves.
. is not calling that a “” projecting opinion in to your reporting ?
needs to fire literally all of them
would not be have heard in on his radio ?
who knows what and whom to believe but it sure looks like murder to me.
so since we now know the officer knew nothing abt a robbery , we must ask why those tapes were
yes we do to smear his image. get people to say see he was dangerous, etc
not just guns.
to taint the jury if they are forced to charge wilson.
you are right would only take one for me
sit down and shut up stupid
because the press asked for it
does the bullet count matter ? he still took someone is life.
. attacking brown is character to confuse the public and win the pr war ?
it is a distraction. and why did not the pd call in the shooting ?
hard to believe this guy assaulted a cop . 😂😂😂
hard to believe this guy assaulted a cop. 😂😂😂
fems is a robot i created.
you ma'am are a complete maroon.
thats the thug mindset
i will grab my ebonics dictionary. thx for the advice.
i know ... what a nice guy he seems like.
but he looks so sweet and innocent.
and yes it does. lol
happens all the just ask drew peterson.
this was just a photo for his application to harvard.
last week i suggested they are the same person. neither denied.
where is the outrage over the strong arming of the clerk ?
. honestly there is no one on twitter i love more than you and 😘
good to have you plugs. your job must suck.
you always have the guts to say what others are thinking. 👍
kids can be pretty brave thinking they can not be touched. no respect for the law.
so a large negro robbed a store and then the cops saw a large negro . what were they supposed
then perhaps he should not have tried to get the cops gun. but thanks for playing.
which only calls your perception into question.
i i tweeted in support of your point, sorry if it did not sound that way
you have found a level of evidence below hearsay. garbled, confused, context-less.
except my tweets are not “ fo-fucky “, as far as i can tell.
murdered. the struggle with the officer can not possibly justify it.
this was a smear so right wingers can justify mike brown is murder.
obviously you can not recognize who holds the same position as you. sorry for you !
here is the epitome of your position. guilty, no need to be proven anything :
are they saying that it is him or that it just looks like him
beat the cop has not been proven at all-it is claimed by the police
no but i did miss the part where the punishment for shoplifting or assault is death
the chief said nothing in his original statement about officers responding to a robbery. nothing.
as i do not yet know all the facts, i do not have a position.
calling someone a fool while siding with ppm chanting death w/o trial, jury judge
stories they are a changing :
kind of my but yeah.
you you do not know what lynch means to black americans. cc :
and right on ask if these allegations “ change everything. “
miss the part where he beat the cop ?
anytime you attack someone with a gun, it is a very likely outcome.
oh sorry was not aware they found a gun on mike brown is person (source plus)
the same police whose story keeps changing & amp ; who have been already proven to be liars
here is a credible eyewitness account.
miss the part where 3 separate witnesses say he was unarmed with his hands up ?
you still seem to be having a hard time getting ' attacking an officer “ that is hardly shoplifting
name games chuck really ?. banana-banna- (well, you know
no prob. 140 chars makes clarity difficult at times
guessing reading is not your thing here is a did you need to see :
please no more death chants. no reason to stoop to this.
michael brown is the 17 yr old boy who was shot 10x & amp ; killed by police in today
was 18 and assaulted a police officer.
i meant mm not nypd report, but point taken.
does not excuse that he was shot ten times. ten. to protect what ? the candy ?
he is a young boy.
was this boy over six feet and around 200lbs ?
that is cable right ?
child killed to protect candy should be the headline
i just do not understand jumping to conclusions and turning everything into a race war.
pointing out the double standard between how black and black violence is barely reported am not screaming racism
people bring up race because race issues are a major problem these days.
even if that is the case, it does not warrant 8 bullets in your back.
two shots fired outside police car. where is the eight bullets in your back ?
for most marginalized gaps in nyc. try reporting gay domestic violence in bed study.
i agree. i consider it excessive force.
i am not sure how that matters, he is still underage
he is not a boy. racist
what matters here is the reaction. this has brought a lot of racially-motivated events to light.
it is not some leftist conspiracy to make black people seem less violent.
if it happened how else would a shot be fired inside a police car ?
chief let most of day go by b4 disclosing ( after repeated qs ) that cop who killed knew nothing
and it is down right disrespectful to the young man and his family.
seems like there is sewed much about this case it gets confusing yet there is not enough info ??
sad that happened to you. no doubt there are racist/ignorant cops. but not all, maybe not
not necessarily. but it might show a particular disposition towards authority figures.
it is a strategy to manipulate media and misinform people.
that is unfortunate. pd
shoving a clerk means you will take on a police officer with a gun ?
and who would blame them when those authority figures are gunning surrendering suspects down ?
yep splitting image in everything except one has black hair and other blonde ....
have to show mike without clean hands somehow.
for that reason media should refrain from connecting the two. stay with the shooting story.
i had no idea that was her mom.
that is what i thought too ...
did of release the report filed by wilson ?
but she is very good at instigating and baiting .... just like her mother. smh
is he the confirmed robber ?
the people responsible for killing should not be in control of the evidence proving what happened.
it is about changing the narrative.
i re listened to the press cone & amp ; ur right i was wrong
look at his arrive time on the report . this man was still in the store . exlplain this .
this. this. thank you.
this shit says they arrived at 11:54 .... and departed at 6:54 ??
a racist and a murderer will both lie to cover their crimes ...
damn fine policing by the police to identify, broadcast and apprehend the suspect in 10 minutes
exactly. mt look at his arrive time on the report. exlplain this. ”
please view amp rt original tweet
told that they did take cigarillos, but stopped them for j walking !
this. this, this, this. thank you. ” ✊
this post helps to prove an admission of guilt and revenge
those are often off in surveillance tapes
please view and rt original tweet
police : video shows michael brown strong-arming store clerk
otherwise it is called murder.
that is my we judge without knowledge.
such a nice college bound boy.
i would wait for the facts before calling someone an executioner ....
yeah. its a much safer bet to attack a cop, instead of stepping onto sidewalk.
not just a also a strong arm thug.
multiple times and in retreat.
you think mike brown confessed while they were (allegedly) fighting ? or after he got shot ?
now that part is self interested. cya
police video shows brown strong-arming store clerk
because the chief says he did not know and the interaction was about walking in the street.
by not believing everything the media spouts ? lol
does not warrant shooting but raises the tension between officer and citizen that can lead to tragedy
how bad an attitude warrants being shot ?
not a lot of rockets science going on with that decision.
it may reflect his attitude when he fought with the police.
police chief said he did not know.
are not you doing the same thing but on the other side of the issue ?
honestly. i have seen worse during a barney is shoe sale.
i would but you can not trust the police. the profession is corrupt.
nice to see an idiot who thinks he knows the answers before all the facts come out.
how do you know is hands were up ?
police chief says he released the robbery video because he was getting foia requests for it . how did anyone
must have leaked it to fox
i think he means in the last few hours. fastest response to a foil request ever.
i know was foiling for anything related to the case.
i agree. i hope for justice but i am not holding my breath.
same here. justice system is fucked in this country.
someone needs to do a foil for those foil requests
as i dash cams were not on whatever “ budget “ they had ...
yeah the police department seems really strapped for cash
i am requesting the dash cam video from the patrol car of. darrin wilson.
c among they grow up ..... hurry .... please !
if is indeed the robber , where’s the red ball cap ? sandals ? stolen cigars ?
did not say he was wearing sandals+could not run from police
he was being sarcastic. chill and leave me out of this please.
shut ! you are cramping our style ! signed, ferguson pd
none of this justifies the shooting or killing, just answering the question. )
red ball cap was in the street. sandals probably came off. check out the socks.
back to my initial tweet ... what does that have to do with it
if he took cigarillos or not does not change the fact mike brown was executed in street
i saw pix of red cap somewhere in footage and pix of scenes ... was away from body
and the loss of at least 20 pounds in less than 10 minutes
go be bitchy somewhere else.
footage of mike brown there was no ambulance at all to get his body.
they panicked because of the witnesses so they forgot to plant the evidence or could not plant it.
tragic that authorities stoop to such depths-shameful.
if is indeed the where’s the red ball cap ? sandals ? stolen cigars ?
cigars are worth more than a human life. that sucks
rt if is indeed the robber, where’s the red ball cap ? sandals ? stolen cigars ?
they showed it lying in the street on the news
. wear your best i ❤️ surveillance teeinterntnl wave at surveillance day tomorrow
well i think we vs all hopefully agree that releasing this info about stolen cigars was completely useless.
facts would be releasing info about the killing, not an entirely different crime.
means sarcasm genius. your misplaced anger and self righteousness needs to be put in check.
... and if then why has not dorian been arrested ?
. that is what i want to know lisa.
in the street where i will wait
lawyer says that brown is friend confirms that he did take the cigarillos (via. msnbc)
oh absolutely. not arguing that !
what am i missing. what statement came out today
where is the witness calling 911 ?
the " robbery " incident report released by pd today is sketchy at best . what stood out ? naming
because they have been working on it for the past 5 days !
right being that the date & amp ; time on the report is before the incident sh.
i was wondering about that. the report is author seemed shockingly certain it was him.
can you send me a link, please ? i did not see that.
fox 2 news and you will see the article and the report link to click on.
police chief says was stopped because he was walking in road not because he was suspected of stealing cigars .
has no bearing in a court of law.
they could not seem transport his body in an ambulance. they put it in a suv
and robbery still does not justify shooting an unarmed person w/ their hands up
because it is not relevant to ques of why cop shot camp ; killed brown
but he was a thug .... ok.
yea. not sure how u shoot somebody surrenders 8x.
you can not bring someone into understanding that does not want to understand
the delay and the piecemeal trickle (of unrelated events, even) concerns me
i have legal background. it is immaterial to the shooting.
a video of him robbing a store and his friend admitting it is all fake ?
you cannot enter into facts of case a fact you did not know at the time
i agree that was fucked up.
so he was shot for jaywalking ?
two days another cop shot an unarmed dude in la. shit is getting outta hand
away wit this. it is extremely sad
i am not saying he deserved anything but you can just dismiss him robbing a store.
this is the real issue irish. thank you.
that is what is making ppm more mad. they did not follow any protocol in this case
it is different now he is not just some innocent teen like he has been portrayed.
as far as i it was unmarked. thought it was procedure to have an ambulance
you are right but assaulting someone while stealing is robbery
i agree but you have no clue that they were. only witness is his robbing buddy.
it is not. it shows this thug is state of mind.
could the have been a coroners ' vehicle ? could not tell from picture.
agreed but we must recognize the tactics of the opposition to counter them correctly.
he was not portrayed as innocent. parents pointed out his earlier probe
shoplifting does not give any cop the right to play judge, jury, & amp ; executioner
the issue is militarization of our police. race certainly comes into play.
i bet you can buddy. but i am the racist. what if this was your shop ?
def should have tried to save him or at least taken him in an ambulance.
proof of the slavery of usa no right, to walk on the very thing, designed for travel
congrats on your tweet !
that is what america just reported too. so why did wilson shoot mike brown ?
it only makes sense. they do not like they idea of em being caught abusing authority
theft amp robbery are two different things.
they need to get the story straight. either way he did not deserve what happened to him.
smells of a bad cover up job
exactly. none of it makes sense & amp ; nothing they can justify they outcome
i why who worked as hard as brown did 2 get 2 college would jeopardize that w/robbery
who cares about your background ? i have common sense. he was a thug.
there was absolutely wrong doing and we are all smart enough to see its not right
police chief has said officer did not know of robbery. immaterial 2 shooting
the issue is police brutality.
which again goes to a cop abusing his authority. u do not shoot anybody w/ hands up
misdirection. these guys are magicians.
so many loose ends and unanswered questions. does not engender trust in alleged facts.
but hey here is a bunch of information on an alleged robbery. oh, no reason.
here is the other side.
when our son started we put cams in our car cut cops here harass teens
while you are doing why not acknowledge that it is not ok to rob stores.
come out saying he was alleged “ strong arm robbery “ suspect. they must think we are stupid
and fuck your race baiting. i treat everyone as equals.
contradicts what was said in televised presser where indicated cop was not aware of robbery when stopped brown
but i would give you zero sympathy. i have never said it was justified.
several witnesses to shooting say he had hands up
what do you mean ' if ' ? there is pictures and his friend admitted it.
why does everyone just dismiss it like it is no big deal to rob a store ?
as someone with a legal background, that is poppycock
rt : over 50 people have been arrested in . none of them is the cop who shot that boy
an investigation is still ongoing ? holy shit people are dumb
media say group of people protesting for justice “ it says “ rioting domestic terrorists “
stop playing judge and jury for 5 seconds and find a place to buy a clue.
he was not shot ten times. stop making the independent media look bad.
as you are part of the problem.
oh . so now the police chief says the cop did not know about the robbery when he stopped .
it is a conniving way to do a smear campaign. darren wilson is a cold-blooded murderer.
if u watch the he reached over counter, still not grounds to shoot him from behind
may be prudent to ask clerk if brown was the one who hit him
their account is getting worse and worse roland
was not it just this morning they were saying it was the reason
i hear but u said the wishers were behind the counter and they were, no biggie
but found out about the robbery during the altercation
so that was mike in the convenience store ?
suspicion of a crime results n death of the unarmed in the comm as a rule.
before his death told his mother , " the world will know who is ! "
before his death told his mother, “ the world will know who is ! “
gonna call a big probably not “ on that one.
it sounds a little made up
before his death told his mother, “ the world will know who is ! “ ”
sounds like something someone who was on a kamikaze mission would say.
meaning i can not imagine anyone outside of a movie saying such a thing.
seriously i doubt it. maybe more likely, “ i love ya comma “.
prayers out to mya , hu graduate who was shot while protesting in st. louis !
is back to the 50s would turn in his grave heading about this.
why release the report about the robbery if it is not related to the contact with the cop who shot
this amateur cop needs to be relieved of his duty and someone competent and impartial take over this investigation
mike brown knew that he was a suspect.
request re all related to case.
they should have released it monday.
sign and share to end police militarization now !
it demonstrates a pattern of aggressive behavior.
i think we know why ... gotta poison the well
excellent question. i think we know the answer.
it might have shown the mental state he was in when he came in contact with the policeman.
the only criminals i have seen in all this coverage are wearing uniforms and talking into microphone.
it is the racial profiling equivalent of slut shaming in rape cases
but it is related. it shows what kind of fucked up person was he deserved it. idiots
it is related because the violent assault committed makes it more likely he attacked the cops minutes later.
. the robbery does not matter. theft is not a capital offense, even in
wanted to walk down the street . and he is dead . and the pd is using his silence in
no he was walking in the street big difference
a story that continues to repeat itself, over and over and over in america.
it is sound like they may have been racially profiling him as a suspect
let is be clear , pd never said officer darren wilson was responding to robbery call before contact w/ until
this is obviously contrived. the is doing what they can to save face.
sounds like typical scramble to ' back fill facts ' after a crime.
never shoot unless you fear for your life. injuries heal.
fox propaganda machine planting doubt & amp ; suspicion in racist minds.
did not say much of anything and continue to withhold information which only fuels more confusion.
exactly ... see what a few appearances on annuity can do ?
things that make you go. . . hmm “.
icymi : the info given today seems to line up with this witness account , even the alleged theft :
none the less he is ! good day.
should not have assaulted the cop, leaving him injured.
you miss my point entirely. he is dead.
could he be anymore incoherent ?
if you leave our we will be alone. knowwhatiwannasaynext
it does not matter the dead. the end
does not matter can not shoot him. you have to follow the use of force continuum
i still do not see the admission of theft here.
he is dead and damn sure will not be robbing anyone else.
you miss my point he should not be dead
everybody was orgasming about a white cop killing an " innocent " black kid . reality kicked them in the
i imagine it is kind of nerve racking
kid was a dumb thug but stealing cigars should not get him the death penalty
cops always get the blame. problem with that is that the cops are usually right.
this ordeal probably saved some lives.
going for an officer is gun should ...
by shooting him what happened to simply arresting him ?!
good thing the cop was tried by a jury to find out if he is guilty too right ??
try stopping a 300 lb man without shooting. the average sized officer can not either.
have you tried arresting a 350lb primate charging you with a lit cigar lately ?
lets finish this convoy once the fbi/do/local investigations have ended.
the thug should not have tried to take the cops gun.
real asset to society. such a loss.
can you imagine how this dude would have turned out if he got away with beating a policeman ?
i did not know robbery was justified by shooting him 8+ times while he was unarmed ????
everyone always wants to blame the cops. cops are usually right.
oh now watch the white people are not going to riot. how boring !
that will certainly kill the mood ...
will not matter. they did not let the facts get in the way with st. skittles ...
good thing he was tried by a jury if his peers to determine his alleged guilt !
they were upset about an unarmed person being gunned down by an over zealous officer. dick
if white ppm do riot you can bet it will not be burning their own neighborhood.
he charged a according to an eyewitness.
if they do it will be with class. nieman marcus watches out !
even if was running down the street with a bag full of boosted goods , he deserved a trial .
or is it the self defense of an officer who was defending against a criminal ?
pick up a history book and learn who guy fawkes was. tire of ignorance.
he helped the arrest some criminals and domestic terrorists ? way to go !
snag a history book that addresses this.
who has a guy fawkes mask ?
and i am far from anonymous, despite my support for some of them. try harder.
he was surrendering with his hands up, yet he was shot to the point of death
we honestly do not know at this point. facts looks bad for brown supporters
supported placing a catholic king on the throne to create a dictator
on this topic it seems you are. fawkes was a religious zealot.
i am cool.
proof that an unarmed person was shot dead ...
the topic of this thread is the extrajudicial killing of an unarmed man.
you at nothing to say better stu. retard fag
this is the kind of ignorance i was talking about.
you have seen no ignorance or hypocrisy from me, at all.
i am a libertarian who hates it when fellow libertarians use that idiot thing.
congrats on successfully derailing this topic from snitching to gunpowder plot
ill just leave this here for you, darby.
you are not a fucking libertarian. you are just another big government conservative.
that is a but i do see the aforementioned fawkes low
the snitch stupidity was used to derail from the points the guy was making.
a friendly reminder that is human garbage.
howdy has it as his banner.
ignorance and hypocrisy which is illustrated in this entire convoy.
because he is a snitch.
a religious zealot does not a dictator make. your focal point is flawed.
not but you are aware the mask is aligned with a movie, not history ?
no one in this thread is flying a fawkes.
was the opposite of libertarian & amp ; anarchist was for theocratic dictatorship
he is human garbage “ because he is saying something rational ?
well that makes a bit more sense. though my support of pp14 is irrelevant here.
anarchist libertarian no, supporter of theocratic dictatorship yes.
off original but yes. i still support paypal14, but back to original topic
. came after the “ entrapped people in nola for fbi “ part of is life.
just pointing out the ignorance and hypocrisy of using guy fawkes.
it is used as an anti-government symbol. you are aware of that right ?
my mentions are being blown up harder than guy tried to blow up parliament so, done
do not worry about it. all they are good at is name calling.
i responded to the snitch bull shit, which was not the origins of the topic.
that was directed toward the anarchist flying the stupid of mask.
and it is a face that belonged to a real person who was pro-religious dictator
he helped the take down evil people. that is a good thing.
i do not think anonymous is specifically anti government, but i am not them, either.
another ignorant anarchist using the stupid guy fawkes mask.
was not a dictator roflwat
he tried to blow up parliament to put in place a religious dictator. so yes.
and because he committed this crime, rather than be arrested, he was killed.
rt . : this is simple : if was a robbery suspect , why didn’t police say that on day
even if he that does not justify them killing him. total abuse of police power.
do not even think he was the robbery suspect
because probably right about now they can see that a riot is about to kick off
it was said day one.
it must have been too peaceful for their tastes last night
they was coming up with a good lie
they had to get their lie straight !! geez
so when do police ask robbery suspects to walk on the sidewalk and to get out the street.
subdued by rhetoric imbued with disconnected views so witnesses confused by mismanagement get bamboozled and damaged
here it is my dedication to michael brown please share to fight against police brutality
countdown : one hour until police release the name of the officer that shot .
countdown one hour until police release the name of the officer that shot. ”
it did not take this long to get the names of the police/emt workers involved in the death of
i can imagine they can b victims of brown brutality
photos of alleged robbery involving michael brown in ( via police )
that is him same hat and outfit at seen still gave no right to kill him
that guy is much fatter than michael and older
. why are the cops releasing this ? has nothing to do with later shooting.
is robbery a death penalty in mo ? and without a trial ?
photos of alleged robbery involving in (via police)
now police issue pix of “ alleged “ robbery involving michael brown in via
now they say this not very believable.
even so since when do you shoot a suspected robber if he is unarmed and cooperating ?
photos of alleged robbery involving michael brown in (via police)
rt photos of alleged robbery involving michael brown in (via police)
i agree it is not robbery its simple shoplifting an assault
photos of alleged robbery involving michael brown in (via police) ” 😒😒
one sure way to know would be if they tested for dna on the employees shirt ...
here is a petition to stop militarization of police departments
that was very " slick " of the police chief to create a narrative that was a " suspect "
exactly my point a muscle bound guy shows chest-wise /big guy has softer shoulders round in belly
i thought mike brown was “ struggling “ for the cops gun ? total lies by police chief
chief should go to & amp ; write suspense thrillers !
so you’ve seen the video no one else has seen ?
if that is what makes you feel better about is murder .....
these show an altercation in a store not a robbery !
if they were both suspects in a robbery, why was not johnson arrested or taken into custody ?
he was racially profiled because he fit the description of a strong arm robber ?
he knew what he was doing. smh !
key word create ... if that were true, that could have been released sunday ... sh
he just admitted on national tv that michael brown was racially profiled
are the still pictures are at the quick trip about some cigars/candy or the liquor store ?
thanks i will check it out !
we need b careful of jumping 2 conclusions. waiting to see this videotape.
what are police hiding about " drive by " shooting of black woman recording last night is action ?
nobody believes spook was shot by a drive-by ! howard grad is alive precious girl ! pray♥
they had 2 make them seem violent camp ; “ thuggish “ 2 justify their continued in !
can not open their fucking ' mouths w/o lies spilling out.
the cop literally goes to cover the other cops mouth. wtf.
no one sold believe any police account of what happens to protesters .... police lie !
you do not see this happening in the burbs.
we can make this go big, right away. could i talk to witnesses somehow ?
by the cops it looks like
so they allow police helicopters and not media huh ....
just did a google map search . there are 2 quick trips in and they are on opposite ends of
sure did. we have when convenient for the narrative.
now shameful police say brown was not even a robbery suspect when he was shot . he was just an
when are they going to release the real name of the cop that shot mike brown ?
truthfully would not expect anything less from the police ...
do you really have to listen to any authority right now ? they on some damage control spirit.
i am the best ... now you know ...
the name of the officer who fatally shot teenager will be released shortly . watch cnn :
we urge the united states to the termination action against democracy and freedom of speech in the usa !
that is pretty dangerous to his family
because you were there wow a witness !!!!
how is the whole base going get mad at me for something i aunt
why is the news reporting my statement s wrong
how does releasing his name help ?
the name of the officer who fatally shot teenager will be released shortly. watch cnn :
when all you hear is shortly ... they are scared
stupid to release the name ...
sometimes is it happens all time about the shooting
must remove the police to allow the opposition to hold protests.
let is be cleared ... was executed !!! there is a huge difference !
can not wait to talk about this in my ago class.
a little late after already released it.
strong armed robbery means unarmed ?? who is the idiot anchoring ?
and then the death threats will come ... by those who protest violence.
he was an 18 year old man. facts please !
so last week nypd tried to tell us that was not in a chokehold , now police telling us assaulted
they telling us lies on this sunday
developing : police in expected to announce the name of the officer who killed unarmed teen michael brown within the
i mean really why all the secrecy all this time ?
mike brown was staying with his grandmother for the summer , who lived in the community .
mike brown was staying with his grandmother for the summer, who lived in the community.
police chief now says that the robbery does not relate to the initial contact between darren wilson and michael brown
wonder could have seen that !
was he lying then or is he lying now ? what a cluster ...
then it is even more inappropriate to release that incident report.
q : why did he stop michael brown ? " because he was walking down the middle of the street
blocking traffic is what he said
once upon a time streets were a free-for-all.
if you stopped every teenager who walked on the road you would never get anything else done.
why not just honk the freaking horn instead of shooting him several times ?
you could get killed walking in the middle of the street ! oh wait.
q why did he shoot michael brown ?
the officer who shot did not know he was a suspect in a robbery , according to police chief .
then how come brown is name is in the incident report ?
wow ... now y'all are in the kid is head. amazing
i mean this is some real bs this is worse than train martin help us jesus
what is the purpose of police statement other than demagoguery and pure propaganda ?
criminalizing black youth cops right to murder them. that is america for you.
mike brown is family deserves justice. so do the rest of us.
there goes that extremely threadbare defense for gunning down an unarmed teenager in the street.
that will not stop from saying he knows exactly what happened with second to second detail.
perhaps if the allegations are true but i am skeptical about the chief is statement.
yet they strategically doc drop the robbery. fckn racist ass cops
maybe because he was not at all a suspect in that robbery. aye ?
did cook up jaywalking stop because he did not have probable cause ?
more : police chief identifies darren wilson as cop who shot michael brown
i have same outrage at injustice -coming from blended family-see both sides unlike you
forget to mention wilson is black
you have already declared him innocent.
y was he in the car in. the cop did not even know about shoplifting.
i have funded by me. i do not shoot people with them.
try not hard to figure out.
i admit based on history with le. better than all ur assumptions.
then why did he continue to speak ?
they try to bully their opinions to be right. it is very amusing actually.
hell yes. not only sympathy but empathy. breaks my heart to see children gunned down.
police are never allowed to use deadly force unless lives are threatened. kid was walking away.
faced with a riot like this ?
i think having holder is office involved has encouraged the honesty.
interesting to note p chief says they did not know michael was a suspect when they shot him.
looting is a reaction to rage and very few people looted.
he authorized the release of info. now you are starting to babble.
do not have outrage do not have all the facts. looting cause loss of credibility.
does not matter if him was grounds for officer to stop bc of description.
they have not been in charge since the beginning pc called for outside pd on way to scene.
sorry for loss. u have same outrage when young white men are killed ?
that photo has already been proven not to be michael brown. jesus.
so let is just call it even for michael brown then. wtfe.
time to end police militarization now !
i believe it will all come out now that ferguson pd is not in charge.
yes and they should have been more forthcoming -regardless innocent kid dead !
they are police so my guess, not reliable. good point.
amp that warrants death ? furthermore death without trial ?
read the police report they released. they say it is him.
he is wearing the same clothes as when he was shot.
bullshit. now you are just toting progressive talking points.
i somewhat agree but if you are facing a riot you want to be in riot gear.
the controls info released. you wait until you have enough facts. unlike media
maybe the cop had your mindset ?? does not make it right
so with limited info you now read minds ?
they assume i am a black man and i am a white woman which always makes me chuckle.
shocking. two 18 year old shop lifters lied ? shoot em.
the lost control because they are being released now.
oh yes there is a reliable source.
were u there maybe you should wait for entire story !
some police officers lied too.
more police chief identifies darren wilson as cop who shot michael brown
no but officer doing duty by stopping him based on describe from c store.
i thought you were not a racist ?
i am white. what the hell difference does that make ?
i thought you were not a white man ?
i am more concerned we end the militarization of the federal agencies !
has a long history of police abuse.
why did you think that ?
you are absolutely correct. that includes the police officer right ?
can suck my nuts. the dds under obama has been funding this build up.
guess he can be shot too right ? all good
and fortunately no one has shot and killed him and he will have a trial.
because kept sending him out there to take the heat. this is the politics
i understand but until the gov and president got involved they were all d-bags.
no but officer to stop him & amp ; companion lied.
am guessing investigation took longer to protect witnesses & amp ; town was being burned.
you are missing facts. county police took over investigation same night. google it
none amp did not ask but tells me a lot re sympathies in these situations.
the cops should never shoot suspects unless their life is in danger.
that is crazy. good to know though. at least a little honesty ....
think it is since the cops admit they did not know about the shoplifting ?
i am guessing is the definitive words in your tweet- you know nothing w/certainty
wait. was your come back “ my assumptions r better than ur assumptions “
have you watched when a “ nice “ university wins championship ?
time to end police militarization now !
because he was removed from investigation.
were it your son you be so quick to “ understand “
well according to the they did not know when they shot him.
he authorized it after the gov. and the president “ suggested it “. jesus.
then let them answer for that too.
i am a bully now ?
you seem obsessed with skin color. but that could just be an assumption.
i thought tweet was re looting.
you should probably use this photo of him now.
it is pointless trying to have an intelligent conversation with you.
you are going to believe the people that did this ?
did u see that the cop did not know he was a suspect when he shot him ?
time to end police militarization now !
a bulk witness saw it all ...... brown was beating officer in his own car ....
no he can not but since witnesses lied should not we wait for the rest of the story ?
the chief was doing all the talking - and saying nothing but will not release name
no he shot an innocent unarmed teenager-may not b racism but cultural
nobody with shooting but as facts come out shows much more to story.
does this video change you are feeling about ferguson pd ?
no need to shoot him after when his hands were up ! time to end police militarization now !
now that is one nutty assumption - can not teach an ..... new tricks ! i am out !!!
i guess you do not care if that is him or not - anyone of them will do ???
i know another innocent unarmed young black man killed !!
often times the speaks. this da is a cowardly douche bag in my opinion.
time to end police militarization now !
except nobody cares your color looting & amp ; rioting changes mentality of observers.
he stole swisher sweets. my pastors son stole mt. dew. shoot him too ?
when u take the side of black injustice many assume u must be black-look at protesters
no but my understanding “ is not based on racism.
it is 2014. i do not buy the fear thing. it is ignorance and stupidity.
wow we agree on something. minus the name calling of course.
that is what happened. he is suspected of shoplifting he lied resisted arrest and he is dead.
i think you meant your lack of understanding.
all weekend ppl will be talking about the " robbery " instead of the shooting bc pd did not release
he did that quickly amp ; made moves. like ok lets get that wheel spinning.
it smells do not it. this is the plan to get darren wilson off. period.
if we shot everyone in the street for stealing , imagine the carnage on wall st.
they would need a helluva huge cannon ..........
yes but cops only shoot for stealing material things. not peoples life savings.
if we shot everyone in the street for stealing, imagine the carnage on wall st.
if we shot everyone in the street for stealing, imagine the carnage on wall st. ”
we are going to need to try it out, before i comment
those thefts are all well clear of the legal limit.
there would be no one left in government
ladies and do not tip your waitress as it perpetuates wage slavery.
getting sleepy ... kitty meowed out all nice !
cops were extra aggressive to incite fear and cause chaos , giving the pd time to destroy and/or manufacture any
already blocking him and reporting his dumb ass as spam. “ press “ for
you hit the motherfucking nail !
that makes a lot of sense !
pd releases robbery incident report smearing but not shooting incident report . did they think we wouldn’t notice ?
thank you we demand police report now not smear tactics !!
demand release of police statement on mike brown is death not smear tactics !
. these families need to start filing defamation suit, not just civil suit.
trying to taint possible jury ?
only ' cause commentators who can not recognize the robbery as a robbery lose all cred. still murder
witnesses came forward from the beginning saying he had stolen from a convenience store.
do you still buy the gentle giant narrative ?
if you can justify shooting an unarmed teenager by saying " he might have been committing a misdemeanor " you
attacking an officer is now a misdemeanor ....
hey it is a fucking racist ! block, you son of a bitch.
might does not even constitute evidenciary support for any criminal charges.
st. louis co police tell me ofcr shot a man who pointed handgun at him at chambers & amp ;
according to police that is the truth
why should we believe anything police have to say, will not release # of bullets or autopsy
for keeping us informed. stay safe !
how many weeks until police interview witnesses ?
because , of course , when someone commits a robbery they stroll down the middle of the street where everyone
and he allegedly not commuted robbery. two different categories.
garner killed over cigarettes and mike brown killed over swisher sweets cigars.
that’s what i said. he’s setting the table for the officers defense.
watch the video. it was him. family and friend confirmed it
they already said they found them on him.
wow a fucking lie. they took a week to come up with this lie.
they really want us to stop smoking ... or na ?
um there have been times when others have posted pics of themselves on social media after a crime
there is and his family and friend confirmed it was him. it was 8-9
no in white cop world ... you know the drill.
there would be a time and date stamp on any digital source of those pics.
did anyone find any cigars on either of the alleged jaywalkers ?
that a lot. maybe not here, but it happens.
2 senseless deaths over cigars land of the free is a joke
and then his friends gives multiple interviews with media ! does not pass the sniff test
stop giving them press releases. you know that is the next justification.
that seems like the pattern.
at least us were not that bright ...
police officers are saving us from lung cancer by shooting us in the head
the time line does not even seem right.
breaking news : name of officer who shot - officer daren wilson -
chief seemed a bit nervous to release that name ...
breaking news name of officer who shot - officer daren wilson -
how many goddamn short buses have u ridden ? darren ... darren .... darren. durrrrin
not breaking news you are a faggot
breaking news name of officer who shot - officer daren wilson - »
what happened to scoop “ ?
chief seemed a bit nervous to release that name ... ” i do not buy it !
thats not the name you first posted !! dont you want to admit you had the person ??
breaking news name of officer who shot - officer daren wilson - ”
are we supposed to be cool & amp ; remain calm when the police after murdering a teenager slander him
stand against domestic violence amp ; sign or stand 4 do
we did not lose are cool the last bazillion times it happened.
stand against domestic violence amp ; sign or stand 4 do
stand against domestic violence amp ; sign or stand 4 do
stand against domestic violence amp ; sign or stand 4 do
get emotional and stay emotional. our lives are at stake
are you saying that anyone outraged has permission to loot complete strangers ?
scary black man scary black man !!!!!
i sure as hell not.
stand against domestic violence amp ; sign or stand 4 do
so saying that the suspect was involved in a robbery before he got shot is slander ?
wait was not michael brown stopped because of a routine patrol ? police can not even keep their stories straight
you are witnessing the genesis of a crafted cover story designed to protect yet another murdering copy.
sounds like the fix is on !
boom rt why was pd still looking for the suspect 7 hours after michael brown had been killed ?
i am reading the other pages, too
maybe you ought to educate yourself on police procedures before insinuating things you know nothing about
this says it all
the earlier time if that is what it was. so tweet was legit.
good i will un-retweet that until someone confirms it.
not entirely sure because of the redacted sections though.
they did not know they already got the thief.
boom rt why was pd still looking for the suspect 7 hours after michael brown had been killed ?
looks like pd spent their whole week on a smear campaign against instead of investigating or being at all helpful
yeah especially how they got a dead guy to pose for pictures “ pretending “ to rob someone ????
not even the police department is saying that those photos are of him. come now …
of course they are not saying it.
" : " you can not jump over a murder & amp ; talk to me about some cigars …
sorry but he has gone to chicago several times to churches/ leaders to stop the killings
murder it is ok to skip over the facts and due process.
nor can you call an assault on citizens “ protection “ but its all a matter of perspective
according to the convenient store video, michael brown was no saint.
actions have consequences. next get a job.
how was eliminated. x told everyone about it. no satan for power
white on white mass killings especially of small children. instead more guns sold
next should talk on tv about those other things he does besides bitching about.
when ever something like this tragedy happens all al sharp ton sees is $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$. he makes off dividing
and by bullshit agenda “ i mean pad your bank account.
also other black organizations fighting to stop black on black. what at your white on white
killed over cigars ... were they cubans ?
breaking : police chief names darren wilson in killing of unarmed teen
you must be out yo fucking mind.
breaking police chief names darren wilson in killing of unarmed teen ” -- fuck outta here
why does not media mention the guy attacked the officer & amp ; reached for his gun ???
every incident report i have seen says " the suspect was x , " " the suspect did y .
i just heard there is no incident report
i bet you he was 292 lbs. not 250-290. two hundred and ninety-two !
dammit that is right. there are no names in the narrative of a police report.
clearly it was re written after the fact for today is press conference.
this is the full what you showed was page 6 which is where supplementary info began
it is because it is completely fabricated.
cause he was they filled in the blanks as everything unfolded
someone called it in at 11:51 and the footage shows him leaving around 11:54 ?
cooked. simple. cold blooded murdering continues
that is exactly what i said.
coming from someone from bayberry “ (low) , andy did not even carry a gun.
they are straight up lying. it is remarkable.
the police officer who made the report identified him as mike brown after he arrived at the shooting.
but they do not release suspect names right ? according to the police chief two days ago
i guess but done already admitted to being their and the cigarillo incident even before the video.
they even fucked up and put two different dates 8/9 and 8/13z sloppy cover up
again. this was nearly a week ago.
i was wondering the same thing. they run that place like its bayberry
how is the shooter not the ? see : how to rationalize your ok would up racist ideology.
because it was after the fact.
the other day i asked a manager at the market if police had requested surveillance video . she said no
thanks. now we need a pic of what michael brown was wearing to refute the video.
. i have been in market and it looks exactly like where the alleged robber was standing.
a person who makes his living asking questions, that is who.
who are you to expect any type of answer in the first place ?
it was not the quick stop that got burned down ?
police are embarking on what can only be described as an elaborate smear campaign of michael brown
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
everybody wanted transparency. now they are getting it and complaining because brown was not an angel. oops
smear must be latin for cover-up.
... on the street without due process. what is wrong with you ?
police are embarking on what can only be described as an elaborate smear campaign of michael brown
police name the officer who shot teenager . watch :
i understand but they are quick to give out someone arrests history
you can call it what you like still sounds like fabrication thank you
police name the officer who shot teenager. watch :
and you know that is the truth !!
police name the officer who shot teenager. watch :
fuck your packages. we want justice !
it does matter to some people.
does it even matter though ?...
is first to report this. did you find that plane yet ?
the fact of the matter is that it took way too long for them to release anything period
wow robbery so that is how they justify it.
especially if they r male bulk no matter was age.
you know this officer and his family are in great. danger now, no question about it !!
if it is should be clear eventually) , that along with other circumstances could justify it ...
or would have been quick to release details if it was a black on black crime.
it is called an investigation ...
another police shooting in protest-plagued : ( scott olson , getty images )
while they are plagued with protest - parts of africa is plagued with ebola.
who is the idiot that thinks this is the solution to anything ?
yes .... accidents do happen when you put the police under the spot.
that witness is in danger ...
has to be some white guy lacking evolution to comment !
should be under federal custody at this point.
that will happen when you point a gun at a cop and refuse to stand down
another police shooting in : (scott olson, getty images)
the day cops told a dirty , bloody lie ( via
um ... they told just one lie on a specific day ?
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
republican rand is speaking out strongly against police brutality against blacks news
rt the day cops told a dirty, bloody lie ””
they killed that young man as an excuse to use martial law.
the day cops told a dirty, bloody lie (via
from this is the kind of local pd we are dealing with.
just proves that discrimination is still prevalent. we shut all strive to wipe it out
the day cops told a dirty, bloody lie (via ”
looks like he started the 2016 campaign early.
why is silent about innocent blacks being killed
henry the day cops told a dirty, bloody lie (via ”
the day cops told a dirty, bloody lie (via ” whoa
the day cops told a dirty, bloody lie (via ”
every 28 hours a black male is killed in the united states by police or vigilantes .
he is a legit source.
is that true it is an awful stat
rt every 28 hours a black male is killed in the united states by police or vigilantes.
fuck these crooked ass cops all around the world ... yea i said it
oh do tell where they keep track of “ vigilante “ stats. that is interesting.
rt every 28 hours a black male is killed in the united states by police or vigilantes.
got a state link so i can post to my fm account ? ... many thanks
every 28 hours a black male is killed in the united states by police or vigilantes.
rt every 28 hours a black male is killed in the united states by police or vigilantes.
what is your source are there similar figures for white, latino and asian males ?
that is but i would like definitive proof before making a hypothesis
tweet keep this stream of consciousness going. do not stop
rt every 28 hours a black male is killed in the united states by police or vigilantes.
rt every 28 hours a black male is killed in the united states by police or vigilantes.
an observation from yrs in practice - if it takes you 5 days to get your story out & amp
might be the definition of inept
reminder : was a kid who just wanted to walk down a street . and for that , he is
sure thing. i am young, i have got plenty to learn.
this. we are made up of emotion. objective is often a code for male/real/white.
. he is a suspect in a crime and allegedly assaulted a police officer.
not if he does not know it is bad info at the time.
they are. the photos of him match the police report
original point was lost somewhat, no worries. people are emotional, never disputed that.
when observing the then you have to have more of a clear head.
how many names could we say ?
depends on the obligation one would expect you to do due diligence before passing on lies, no ?
not sure why you think anybody gives a fuck what you “ want “.
go fuck yo.
not that i ever stated what my feelings on the situation was. death is awful.
nor you. personal attacks are not the best way to conduct yourself, yo.
i think you really need to study “ objectivity “ and question that concept.
it is called delegation. person in charge expects underlings to do grunt work of due diligence.
more about me than you, given the attention i am getting. peace out.
in it is funny how quick people jump to insults though
he committed a robbery then punched a cop in the face, those are facts
can you say rayon martin ? “
also it is not an opinion.
his profile states dolt. we have our answer.
deciding without emotions on occasion ! = devoid of emotions (sociopath) .
definitely a huge problem. the biggest problem here though is a lack of transparencies all round.
the ferguson chief says that his feelings are hurt that ppl consider him a part of the problem .
even though it seems difficult. this country does not need racial division. we are americans.
wow ... making it about his feel feels after a teen has been murdered ?!
exactly. so do not lose the purpose of the tweet by rahrahing for white people over a genrlztn
sad. i will stand for your rights.
we should never as people respond to a crime with crime. we should do what is right.
advocating against meaningless and harmless white prejudice.
that time mike brown has no feelings to speak of.
the chief says that his feelings are hurt that ppm consider him a part of the problem.
stand for the constitution and the american dream. that is what is being violated.
we should be so thankful for it. the comment was a generalization but that generalization
it is too that is for sure.
never said he was not. i was replying to your racist comment above.
the whole situation is awful. the officer should be held accountable for his action.
officially my favorite use of this !
if i lived there i can not promise that i would react differently.
your anger is understandable. but your generalized judgment is a shame.
i do not know you personally. i judge people as individuals.
so many people are interested in raking the protesters over the coals instead of looking ...
you should recognize a friend when you see one. i believe the solution is thinking of everyone.
i do. and more.
always a blessing when people stand together for what is right.
he could not have been serious ... they are so oblivious its damn near hilarious !
at what caused their reaction.
boo fucking join the club. advocate that same thing for pop and stop thinking of yourself
it is many. i do not buy into reverse racism. it is a farce.
art called it ...
white people love the victim card.
no need to be condescending. so by your comment its us against them ?
absolutely the looting is unfortunate but i am not going to judge those people.
i did not advocate for white people. so you are saying every white person is racist.
i agree. i hope the ferguson pd comes to the same conclusion
most people would objectively come to the same conclusion.
yes. because you feel that having white people on our side should be such a blessing.
based on my personal 39 years of observations, history and current events ...
what is he smoking he cannot be that stupid.
that is the pot calling the kettle black !
they have been making this whole situation all about them by focusing on the looting.
bummer that since when did the cops start having feelings that could be hurt ?
me blowing smoke up your behind would not do anyone any good.
oh , a suspect in a robbery ? that changes everything . everyone knows summary execution is the penalty for
do not start with an excuse ..... the excuse follows.
everybody knows all the eyewitness say the same story
i have not seen the video. is it that obvious ?
agree. but ... does help to have a full understanding of situation.
he obviously was asking for it. smh
especially when you are dressed nothing like the suspect in the stills. yep. .
it is not him did he lose 40 to 50 lbs from robbery to shooting ?
totally no excuse for deadly force ; but it explains why officer confronted in first place.
u do not know that all the facts are not evened out yet
a robber who had a weapon, the cop had been worried about. violence
do not forget he stole some cigars.
no other people you really do not know much about anything that happen
it is almost like they watched the zimmerman trial ...
unarmed robbery in which a person stole some cigars, true menace to society
how about fighting a police officer and reaching for his gun
we do not call ambulances for the summarily executed.
yeah his friends if my friend was shot in not going to make him look bad
they released that information this morning about the robbery knowing was not stopped for it ? explain why . explain
you know why. the next step will be showing that brown overreacted.
how can the governor allow this trifling bs from pd ? it is like keystone cops with bullets
that is to keep peace ! the know shit is about to go down like wiki !
and where are your facts ? this is all coming from your vivid imagination ..... right ?
listen to the eye witness account that posted.
character assassination after his assassination.
just did a great story on that. comparing headlines of white shooters to black victims.
they probably figured hey worked for zimmerman “ ...
character assassination. jury pool bias.
i knew why from the first comments section. every racist was saying, “ see ? ”
none of this justifies of anyone with their hands in the air !
tainting the jury pool more precisely, perhaps.
we know why. trying to excuse their behavior.
show me the fact i smelled a lie and cover-up from the beginning
to be clear : an unarmed teenager possibly stealing a box of cigars does not warrant being shot to death
fucked up police. police “.
hey on top of ban self admitted idiot yer also restarted low + their thugs
speak to them tell em !!!
you would be blown away by the swedish police then …
not even if he is stealing.
police are humans too and when confronted with that situation no training is perfect to predict a response
thanks for clearing that up. i was really confused about that.
. a aggressive young man might get shot if he attacks a cop.
just in : police chief thomas jackson tells they will release the name of the police officer today
whats your point more bad eggs in power ?
nothing someone said draw flies w/ honey, i do not see people as flies.
never most were the “ shots “ were fired b/cops.
of those bad eggs should never been in those jobs. thuggies/thugs.
pd beat , & amp ; charged innocent man with " property damage " for bleeding on officer is clothes
their racism slivers down to their families
police executed a teenager for suspicion of robbery. let is focus.
what the fuck is going on !?
educated guess : possible reason they did not release shooter is incident report -- he did not write one on
we are with police chief thomas jackson …
you are so .
of course never a good idea putting lies in writing.
what was the robbery report date ? same date as the robbery ; and shooting ?
supposed to be in the case wonder there is nothing in wilson is file that shows previous problems.
makes more sense than anything else that we have heard !
clear signs the cop knew this was a bad shooting.
do you know whether reports written on the fly or later at the station ?
are you doing a special report tonight at ten ?
i would advise him not to write anything
i want to be as smart as one day.
is a great “ guesser “.
your being very generous this reeks of cover up
reasonable explanation but sounds like “ special privilege “. who is he “ kin “ to ?
surely worked that way. one wonders what might have been in wilson is file otherwise.
would have been all lies anyway
that is about testifying against yourself, not carrying out your duties as a police officer.
police report on the shooting was assigned a number, referred to in robbery report.
its called the fifth amendment to the us constitution. you may have heard of it.
so the wolf guards the hen house, huh ?
if dorian johnson is a suspect in a robbery that justified killing , why has not dorian been arrested ?
oh believe me they getting warrant drafted now.
he gave like 5 media interviews before he was even questioned. he was not hiding.
i asked the very same thing on facebook minutes ago.
and wait for day 4 to speak to him
amen. why is not he in jail ? because the police report is a load of crap
exactly what i was thinking ... he gave interviews to media 3-4 days before even talking to police
was not on film roughing up the clerk.
all of this over some stupid cigars
because they are making this up as they go !
question of the day. they will tell you there were busy with the riot.
when he was they would have arrested him.
i just said that.
how many white celebrities have been caught shoplifting and end up dead in streets ? i will wait .
can u say loan ?? go ahead tell her name 3x. lol
do not hold your breath waiting
how many white celebrities have been caught shoplifting and end up dead in streets ? i will wait.
as soon as you physically fight cops and run they can shoot under fleeing felon law
only in films. and we are their live entertainment.
raises hand pooh i know, i know !.... um, none.
i shoplift all the time and i am still alive.
and i feel silly for pointing this out but ... in america we do not have executions by gunfire for
corner stores on my community sell single cigarettes all the time. the cops do not bother them.
you wrote do not “ when you meant “ must not “
unless they stole skittles and iced tea ... or even if they bought them legally ...
and legal hassles like that are why certain folks are set on getting rick perry into the white house
we also do not hold trials in the court of public opinion ...
wait for all the facts please
this pd chief press conference is amazing ... he just admitted darren wilson stopped him bc of the jaywalking .
thats a major point if you think about it
there are worse crimes than jaywalking. i get warnings for jaywalking. but gets shot. wth
200 cops in riot gear in because there is a prayer circle and a concerned compassionate community
i am sure i would have felt that.
200 cops in riot gear in because there is a prayer circle and a concerned compassionate community
mob 200 cops in riot gear in because there is a prayer circle and a concerned compassionate community
i was being sarcastic. that is what the cops think of the community.
so is hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right ?
so is hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right ? ” and shorts.
so is hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right ? pants.
and where did the cigars go ?
the guy on the street is wearing pants. the guy in the did is wearing shorts.
e they only in america [music video] :
idea. sure that will come out soon !
does not even look like him ...
so is hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right ? ” serious question tho
other pictures do show his hat laying on the ground, but you are right about the shoes
rt so is hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right ?
so is hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right ?
lost weight too rt so is hat disappeared and he changed into shoes right ?
sadly that is him. if he really did rob the store
his hat was at the scene
that is true and sad at the same time
the name of the officer who shot has been named . his name is darren wilson , a 6-year veteran
his life is forever changed !
are you able to or could you break down the “ packet “ of information ??
nope anonymous said his name was bryan wilma
why the discussion of a robbery ? please review the tape and update us.
what robbery never heard anything at a robbery ??
is going to be charged with murder ?
shocking ..... got anything right ? nnnope
i want to see a picture of the police officer (darren wilson)
was this the same name released by anonymous yesterday ?
is that why they brought in st police ?
agreed. anon released a lot of incorrect inflammatory content. pretty shameful.
if anyone is looking for a reason to murder me execution-style in the street , i stole a coke from
how many people did you have to assault batter and intimidate to get that coke ?
it would not matter if he would assault or battered every single person in the walmart ...
are you tempted to replace it now ?
i stole pantyhose from when i was 16.
breaking : lawyer says that brown is friend confirms that he did take the cigarillos ( via . msnbc )
stealing a box of cigarillos should lead to a courtroom, not a casket.
still does not justify cold blooded murder
so he deserved to die for that ?
who is this friend. ? what friend grasses his mate ? really
i do not believe anything the police say.
no weapon so why does it matter if it was actually him or not ?
because that is not what is being discussed. you are obviously trying to change the conversation.
still do not justify his murder.
it would have if he had not fought with the cop.
sooooooo chief of lied and said that an ambulance was on the scene ?
they left him in the streets for 10mins or so with him just lying there.
an ambulance can be seen in the video on scene. failed to provide treatment. bad !
note. not even in death
that is the million dollar question
that alone should be investigated.
i heard that lie come out of his mouth too.
yea not from all the aids i have seen. no ambulance just sum1 is truck !
they put him in a minivan ?
they put him in a black suv
could have mike brown been alive and unconscious and assumed he died why was cpr not started ?
this has to be the worst cover up ever.
this is seriously messing with my emotions ... we are people too !!!! no respect even in death ...
looks like this case will go all with lies, cover up and smear campaign !!!
was abused and denied care by medical staff the same as. fire them now !
where is the autopsy report ?!
i have seen video of an emt check for pulses, shake his head and walk away.
but we are supposed to trust their photos ?
is our country coming to ? seriously !
this was more than likely the corner is suv. ambulances do not typically remove doa from scene.
yes that was a lie. it had been said before they took his body away in a suv
yeah but they walked away and did not do anything else
he lied and flung accusations throughout. incompetent.
chief of lied and said that an ambulance was on the scene ?
this is being handled very badly ! wtf let is a murderer go on vac ?
mt chief of said that an ambulance was on scene ?
swat team in have state mandated amurder insurance ' to protect them from lawsuits if they kill anyone .
surely they are going to bankrupt the insurance company. they love killing !
same as that asshole who can kill someone and still enjoy life. rich above the rules
dear max why did u block she is quite baffled ! what is happened she wonders ?
of course they will go bankrupt, only to be bailed out. rinse. repeat.
swat murder insurance does not that make every1 wonder how often they'v been knowingly murdering ppm ?
swat team in have state mandated murder insurance ' to protect them from lawsuits if they kill anyone.
well one person already is collecting, a second almost collected, and it is only wednesday ...
expect you can)
i would call that premeditation “ ...
maybe hard hitting should be covering what is going on in , mo . instead of fat shaming the first
the is the to many are being.
thought i admire generosity, mr. shuck row.
i’m getting a huge kick out of how the teabags have flocked to the “ pro-police ” angle.
. as if you have any idea what is being reported on fox news.
his name is try reading.
that sounds too much like common sense.
and calling robin a coward.
do not be just do not be a troll with a red herring argument.
fair enough. my dig at her was as no better than hers at fox. pot/kettle.
all they will cover is the looting
hes a black they do not care about people of color
i would rather do not cover, .
except fox does not do news and is not fat ... otherwise life is still complicated and tragic
maybe should just remove the word ' news ' before they are pulled up on trades descriptions.
everyone who fans this wants a follow from you.
please do not use news. in the same sentence. as fox. it is fox spews.
that was super nice amp ; unnecessary. thank you. faith in twitter humanity restored momentarily low
and you are right. insulting you was uncalled for. i apologize.
and that means they would actually have to talk to people who live there.
that might actually be not punditry.
she does plenty of good things. i am giving her the benefit of not attacking without context.
i do not think they would know news if it hit them in the face
it is like the real news outlets only cover what social cares about smfh
oh i think the world can do without is opinion of .......
call it like you see it. awesome !
they do not aim to cover news, but to create it.
because she is so fat ?
this is we are talking about ! insulting liberals is their first priority.
unfortunately would have to do actual journalism !
watch : surveillance video of strong-arm robbery linked to michael brown
this us not middle eastern countries where the consequence of theft us death. .
you mean those useless idiots who freaked out over janet jackson is nipple ?
they have already murdered this young man, now you will assassinate his character too ?
i did not know the trial and verdict was complete.
that is a good response. take care.
yes homework versus robbing store is prob better way to start one is day.
but i thought brown was a saint.
and if it did happen like that, he will be punished. the cop lost his mind.
more than one witness has described the same story in the same way
will we ever really know the truth.
facts and fox news “ is an oxymoron.
petty theft is justification for public execution in america ? ok, got it thanks !
and thank you agreed we do not know the facts yet.
who had his hands up surrendering
so i am not the only one seeing things '.
. to and her racist flux news colleagues, all black kids look alike.
but shooting amp killing an unarmed suspect who is surrendering is news issue not to mention
thank you for proving my precise point. let is let the evidence speak.
pigs will do anything to protect their own.
i do not know what tune she is singing, other than seeking facts.
does pay you to post photos & amp ; series ? leaf it will :
freak out while he shot him in the back ? sounds like
issues have been around since vietnam - do you know story ? still happening
the full truth must be seen
who gets gunned down when surrendering
guy was unarmed guy is dead - policeman pulled trigger
video does not show the instance that all the stills are from
do we even have a fcc ?
irrelevant cause it was not him, stop sensationalizing the news.
you are not far we can smell the bullshit
oh so this is how america justifies his killing 👍 good job guys
his hands were up international symbol - even used in wild west
is that a reason to execute him ? and saint skittles ? wow mock the dead much ?
petty theft is a reason to shoot an unarmed person in america ? ok got it !
i disagree. we have convicted them for deploying tanks and blocking 1st amendment rights to peaceably assemble.
if had been a white tea party rancher, even armed would be singing a different tune.
even if the incident occurred. $30 in swisher sweets does not merit murder by cop.
i hope that is a joke, facts from fox ? hilarious !
you take care too. t'was fun !
you all covered the mass shooter differently ~ you are painting as a
but then again cops in same town beat a man and arrested him for bleeding on them
wrong. the truth has not come out. ballistics reports. autopsies, etc.
tape is from not august.
racist as also tape is from june not august.
good point but what does that have to do with unarmed execution ? robbery is not punishable by execution
policeman killed an unarmed suspect who was surrendering
just when the media was about to canonize him like saint skittles
no it certainly does not. unfortunately pushing and shoving a man is what started this.
surrendering i find that extremely hard to believe
yup. the officer was just profiling them for walking while black.
let is remember the fact that the cops were looking for the robbery suspect 7hours after brown was shot
after chief said cop did not know he was suspect ... i recant.
untimely deaths of us veterans surely is ... get back to that please !
that is not execution. it is a cop who is a prob was freaked out.
want to know was a week ago ! there is a cover up going on in
my yes cool heads can wait for truth
why was the suspect in the video wearing different clothes & amp ; shoes than michael brown ?
as per report mike did not fit the description but hey just look at the pics
beating he shoved him once and walked out walking down the street is not a crime.
again ... so petty theft justifies execution style murder in america ? . please clarify the relevance ...
i believe the constitution innocent until proven guilty
with the officer approaching brown about j walking not stolen swisher sweets
you release the robbery report and not the shooting report ? do you think we do not see you ?
wait till you see cable news runs with this shit.
here is the police report . somehow cops valued a box of swishers at nearly $50 . time to stop
could have been a 60 count box which are ~ $40. box like this :
oh for sure. anon has been exceptionally awful though !
you have a link or you just taking their word for it ?
i stole gum from a drugstore as a kid. glad in alive to tell it.
they have the whole thing on video.
the property would have been valued by store employee not cops. retail cost as determined by business.
i guess if you do not read any of my other tweets ever.
notice the top this says 2nd suspect. mike brown is suspect. please read everything out there.
man. in so heated over this
it was on the news where i live.
have you seen the video ?
it also says they did not arrive on the scene for the first time until 8/13
you should be focusing on the robbery charge and not the shoplifting charge.
they are not finished did not want to sign rough draft.
for real. i buy a box for 15 bucks.
robbery involves threat or the use of force or violence to take the property
so not even a felony ... hahn
i bet they just typed that up this morning.
actually it is pretty reasonable. maybe do research before tweeting to the masses ?
right. i made better report cards on photo shop 😭
if he stole a case of cigars, where were they ?
good look thank you !
anon has been pretty awful through this whole thing.
why robbery. whats the difference between shoplift or robbery. i have not read report yet
so there are already two different charges ! none of them shows michael browns name !!!
teenager will not start college on monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer .
i will do that. thanks again for help.
everybody knows that ' walking while black ' is a very serious crime to racist police. obvs.
teenager will not start college on monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer.
same age as my then.
should have been thanked you for the link.
we have our own things that is bad. but not as much as you have.
amp the home office is relaxed about routinely arming our police ? i definitely think not
10 bloody shots to down someone ? bionic man ? or just police overkill ?
it is an awful event. check the hash tag for lots of anger and sadness.
is this for real ?
eyewitness report in the story says brown fled from being put in police car. & gt ;
what is this about can you give me a link where i can read about it please ?
oh my god. for shoplifting ? this is awful ! i have to read. thank you !
will not start college monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer. ”
mike brown is family wish is to not post pictures of his dead body, the
st post dispatch story :. apparently he shoplifted a candy bar.
police chief confirms when officer stopped , he was not aware he was a suspect in a robbery .
it appears that daily the news attains more and more. this is crazy !
shot him 10 times for jay-walking or impeding traffic ......? he was standing with his hands up
. believing the officer knew his crimes, decided to fight for his freedom.
he was not aware because he was not a suspect. that is not why he was stopped.
police chief confirms when officer stopped, he was not aware he was a suspect in a robbery.
he was being apprehended. that is why the struggle ensued.
none of that is he shot, an unarmed kid 10 times .....
new link : police release video they say shows a robbery involving :
he struggled with a cop and went for his gun - that is what got his a$$ killed
the picture is not clear that could be anybody
did he deserve to die though ?
to make him he looks like a thug ? 😴
he had no reason to shoot an unarmed person u sound ignorant 😴 enjoy ya dday
you all can go to hell. no one deserves to get shot for anything including
where is the robbery all i see is a confrontation.
who knows this would not have happened if he did not rob a store tho
there is no proof he did not. show me your proof of hands up being shot.
i am sure he was not just like rayon martin was not
no offense taken sir and normally i would agree with you but there is more to this story.
so they killed him for stealing chips and juice gtfoh😒 point is he was unarmed 😒😴😒
by your logic armed robbers and mass shooters would be running free here.
witnesses have about 10 different stories is
what about the fbi ” 👀
oh please cut the bullshit😒😒 them dirty ass cops will say anything
took a bullet for some wishers -. - we will never know the whole story though
would not hurt a fly i am sure low
there is no proof that he struggled with the cop
that is what i am saying !
yeah they faked the video low racist denial ” oh please
he felt threatened so he took action, not saying he is in the right but that what happen
unless he was suicidal or something than that is different.
here we have a male using a police description of what happened over 3 eyewitness accounts
do you have no empathy ? stealing = jail, not being followed then killed
why show it now because it is relevant you buffoon
keep stretching for this. we will see the truth comes out.
you guys are late with that video. it is been circulating for damn near 3 hours now.
does not matter. cop still murdered him. we will not be distracted.
that is a defense excuse when they can not defend their opinion logically.
so that means he should be shot ? you are not going to win this argument lao
killing other people because they kill people ? lol sorry did not know it was
he robbed wishers supposedly ” sh
should not have stolen or resisted arrest brought it on himself
yeah they faked the video low racist denial
where did you see videos of brown going for the officers gun ? fox news ?
wheres the money if he robbed the place looks like a soda in that persons hand😴😴😴😴
i heard that he tried to grab the officers gun ? is this true ?
ya an eyewitness are the most reliable. videos do not lie - pictures do not lie.
god bless you and your ignorance. stay in your lane.
again he could have paid for them
right question who initiated it and since he robbed a store he is already the guilty party
they would not release video if it was not. hat, shoes and clothes are distinctive.
oh please even if he jacked the cop up they have other weapons besides a gun
this is just the beginning of the information !!!
currently the website has zero , repeat , zero coverage of the protests , probably due to lack of cowboy
they have already f would themselves. all the accounts of what happened. will come to light.
there is plenty in the world to cover instead of focusing on one woman is ass.
get some do not tread on me “ flags and fox will go
if it is not it is now michelle obama got to lose weight in her butt.
my column an execution in ferguson :
or no missing pretty white girl.
good to know but exactly what is to be expected.
they are obsessed with obama ' s derriere.
i remember the same type of coverage when we invaded iraq. boots on the ground ? cont ...
boots on the ground who cares ! we need more coverage of brittney spears ' blobs !
you have the right to remain silent but is not that how we ended up here ?
. it is the lack of property damage. on fox, it is property sgt ; people
is not this the truth !
or be white. or old and white. or an old, rich and white senator.
their cameras can not focus on brown people.
its not just fox news tho, fox news is just one of the many.
would need to be shot in for to cover it
your tweet really makes this page stronger :
it is too many black people for to care
too busy bitching about lotus for sure
buying time to protect a racist. murdering cop.
there was a black conservative taking about it and it was just a really different pop
unarmed teenage black boy was shot ten times by a police officer for accusation of shoplifting
i hear you stay safe.
.... and the police officer is now in jail right ?
this is the insanity world not ours
disgraceful what are these people becoming. makes me feel like retaliating
unarmed teenage black boy was shot ten times by a police officer for accusation of shoplifting
praying to stop the bloodbath in this world
could not cover brownwowsome humans
police chief just confirmed that officer is interaction with michael brown not related to the robbery .
but the idea of him becoming phys. aggressive @ 1 w/ weapons strains credulity.
as if my earlier “ implication “ is to be disregarded as nonsense ...
avoiding the death penalty and less scary “ brown people “ he might feel terrified by in canada.
no maybe brown thought he was being stopped because of the robbery and became aggressive
we all did not know that one. these cops are the absolute worst.
police chief just confirmed that officer is interaction with michael brown not related to the robbery.
yep. if avoiding the death penalty my bet would be canada.
but maybe brown did not know that ?
an implication for you what was the officer doing interfering with people w/out criminal suspicion ...
this chief is out of control
what is the implication you are attempting to make ? that attacked him thinking he did ?
police chief just confirmed that officer is interaction with michael brown not related to the robbery.
use it. help light a fire under your congressman and senators to require cameras on all police
so police report and photos were meant to do what, exactly ? blame the victim ?
the police chief just said the were walking down the middle of the street blocking traffic
the robbery stuff was what -- a coordinated smear campaign ?
they now have to catch him since the left town days ago w/ his family.
outside of the precinct. exceptions for undercover and family notifications only.
police in once charged a man w/ destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms after they beat him
they have no humanity or at the very least, any shame.
so that means it is ok to torch and loot someone is business ?
the call number is and the access code is 526050. 7:45 p tonight edt !!!
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
not at but they need to change some things at pd.
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
maybe the police in are just complete trolls ?
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
that is a very ugly thing to do. but how is it jermaine to this particular case ?
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
police in once charged a man w/ destruction of property for bleeding on their uniforms after they beat him
police in st. louis county say an officer shot and critically wounded a suspect early this morning near
strange ... it did not take 22 hrs to release a statement acknowledging the incident
police in st. county say an officer shot and critically wounded a suspect early this morning near
. why are you referring to the protesters as suspects ??
amp was she kneeling down with her hands in the air too ?
i have yet to see that confirmed by sweeps. get your info from them, not because ...
this has got to stop.
has had zero homicides in the last year . ' black on black crime is our real problem ' folks
they acting like animals tho.
and the crime rate has gone down. -- sgt ;
yet the fallacy is so fixed that even african americans have come to believe it.
i guess they do not include the murder of a black teen by cops a homicide. convenient.
one child one wish millions moved help make it happen
and comparing the killing of ppm by police with killings by civilians is telling.
you would not happen to have a stat on that, would you ?
black on black crime was never an issue ~ ~ ~ sgt ;
police say shooting death of michael brown came after teen was suspect in robbery :
police say shooting death of michael brown came after teen was suspect in robbery :
he was guilty of being black ... only reason he was shot by the police ....
police chief should be removed from office.
new law 2 save time : shoot to kill all suspects of an alleged crime '
ridiculous . police trying to cover up for a botched shooting.
did not wait for the facts to come out .... this was his first response ...
bottom line : cops are supposed to use deadly force only when lives are at risk . you do not
if they were robbery how come the other kid was not under arrest ... makes no sense
... if i am reading the statute correctly, that seems like bad law, but the law.
is it really arrest when they kill the guy ?
i agree. seems perverse.
seems very little about this whole situation is not perverse.
i have no problem with cops shooting robbers, whatever race etc ...
in 2009 , police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them :
yo rt in 2009, police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them :
in police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them :
that is way of brush low
shocker in police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them : ”
i saw this .... its impressive how bold their police are
at least we know it really happened low
yeah i am hip low i can not call that one fluke
in police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them : ”
in police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them : ”
in police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them :
pretty simple 2 sees that is, they have shown that 2 the whole world !
in police beat a man and charged him for bleeding on them : ”
another account of what happened to
another account of what happened to ” mg 😢
another account of what happened to ” wt smfh
rt another account of what happened to
r. i. p rt : another account of what happened to ”
rt another account of what happened to ” 😳😢
my lord rt another account of what happened to
that sounds like such a bullshit story.
that sounds like the execution of a child, where have i heard this before ?
damn rt another account of what happened to
rt another account of what happened to ”
... rt another account of what happened to
another account of what happened to
terrible rt another account of what happened to
that is horrific makes me sick to my stomach !!
if there is surveillance of a robbery why release stills and not the video itself ?
does not justify him getting shot several times.
maybe they will do like 911 and cut out frames
if there is surveillance of a robbery why release stills and not the video itself ?
it is easier to manipulate pictures than a video.
they did release the video. up to the journalists to post them
is that even him in the stills ?
that is what you got from those looks like some1 pushing an old lady around .... no ?
why is that even relevant ?!
got me all wrong the robbery suspect is wearing sandals but michael is wearing tennis shoes- few mind later
police : officer involved in fatal shooting of michael brown did not know he was suspect in alleged robbery .

i believe the robbery actually did happen and is not alleged.
so he thought he will pick on this black kid because it was a slow day ?
this point is irrelevant. what is important is what happened after the officer contacted the suspect.
and brown was not aware that the cop was unaware of the violent robbery brown had just committed.
still do not know his hands were up.
you thought of that all by yourself ??? amazingly irrelevant !!!
go back to sleep !!!
nothing is random where the west is concerned ...
the surveillance tape the police have on tv doesnt even look like anything near canfield green apts .
that ain’t no damn qt at all
it is not even a quiktrip either !
chief said the officer was unaware of any robbery & amp ; stopped for jay walking .
at some point they are going to stick to one story, right ?
chief said the officer was unaware of any robbery & amp ; stopped for jay walking.
baby single labels prod by click here
chief said the officer was unaware of any robbery & amp ; stopped for jay walking.
yes ma'am said story 9 shots tho i hope he dies
rt chief said the officer was unaware of any robbery & amp ; stopped for jay walking.
jay walking is punishable by death without a trial ???????
rt chief said the officer was unaware of any robbery & amp ; stopped for jay walking.
they beat the crap topic for jay walking .... sh
chief said the officer stopped for jay walking.
but assures us there is no longer any race problems in america.
chief seems to make it very clear that shooter did not write an incident report . 5th amendment .
yes sometimes they do. and sometimes they do not.
did the officer receive a garrett warning, with grant of immunity, for telling internally what happened ?
or he did but freeze it seems he lost it ! bogus bull !
its real
the fact that the chief made anything clear or very clear is unbelievable all in itself.
good eye that other incident number should have its own report and narrative.
chief seems to make it very clear that shooter did not write an incident report. 5th amendment.
how could a traitor be allowed to be chief ?
he feels bad for the family who is son he killed, right ? * sarcasm *
i heard you ask that question. good press for an answer.
just keeps getting worse by the minute.
did cook up jaywalking stop because he did not have probable cause ?
did he state the fifth amendment for not writing an incident report ?
what how is that acceptable for an officer not to file his report.
i do not get it ?
and the officer did not know about the robbery
my used to if you tell one lie, you got to tell another.
a report seems to be referenced, though, in the earlier release.
that is chief not pd. and it was in son is home, not his.
but he would have written his own incident report re jaywalking & amp ; subsequent contact.
at he is inept ; at worst, incompetent. neither qualifies him to be chief !
what is the significance in that ?
not abnormal. officer involved would not write the actual incident report in his own shooting.
police once charged a man with property damage because his blood got on their uniforms when they beat him .
the kicker was they actually lied about the blood
kinda like the whale suing jonah for food poisoning after he ate him. * shakes head *
this is not the first time pd lied . read this article .
this is not the first time pd lied. read this article.
daily beast : this is not the first time pd lied. ”
how accurate is this article ? can not find any other sources outside of daily beast.
this is not news. i saw this & amp ; posted it to fm monday.
do not want to get shot do not fight the cops and reach for their gun
i read it and it is terrible the things cops get away with
what does this have to do with you fucking up some other story ?
trust a pig and their body cam and here is proof ! please re tweet
look stupid he was a thug and his friend is to. he is lying.
why was pd still looking for the suspect 7 hours after michael brown had been killed ?
dudes running around shaming people for jumping to conclusions while doing the same thing. it is funny
of the thing to remember throughout all of this :
i am aware of the definition of anecdotal. both the tweets and officer reports are anecdotal.
. precisely. that is why police continued to investigate. brown is resistance actions certainly suggested guilt.
because no one matched the description. but in all seriousness, why ? good share.
i was not i am no armchair quarterback. i prefer to see facts ...
he chaired a fed board about not jumping to conclusions, mary. please afford him some respect.
rt why was pd still looking for the suspect 7 hours after michael brown had been killed ?
facts from a department who is known for being racist pieces of shit. umm ok.
that is the dumbest question ever asked
. anecdotal evidence inherently weighed by a court as less reliable.
i did not know there was a such thing as reverse racism. is there a default button ?
mt why was pd still looking for the suspect 7 hours after michael brown killed ?
you know that is one of the reasons they do prospective jurors right ?
unlike there are no ' warning shots ' fired.
can not believe there is a mob running your twitter account
so he assaulted the cops in the process of running away from them ?
way to go racist. sgt mcneil is african american ...
that is a huge question. .
of what what crime did he perpetrate ?
why was pd still looking for the suspect 7 hours after michael brown had been killed ?
also why did the pd write a report that brown was the robber and close the case ?
because they were bored small town, small crimes, big boredom
unlike piece of shit savage crackers are hunting down people of color for sport.
maybe they are upset that the police in their town have repeatedly used excessive force.
well this is a phenomenal point. why would they lie ?
you still have not answered my question. i need u to because you have the answers :
. that is your right. urge you to examine statutes/cases for real understanding of anecdotal evidence.
interesting that you describe black witness as “ per “. says a lot about your mindset.
personal accounts are inherently unless you are talking about a large-scale study
. cops did not jump to conclusions, continued investigation. mob jumped to conclusions. mob rule
is there any forensic evidence that he went for the gun ?
there you go using common sense and logic ! 👍
maybe the ism they are motivated by is police racism.
wait. this brutality thing. is that because i like handcuffs and stuff ...? 😱😂😂😂😂😂
why was pd still looking for the suspect 7 hours after michael brown had been killed ?
i can not be racist because i have black friends “ trope. stop.
you are arguing with an idiot
proper investigation requires more than jumping to conclusions
where did you find this ?!?!?!?!?!?!
not jumping to conclusions but black people clearly hacked twitter to make up an excuse to riot
the same reason anyone else lies
congrats on your tweet !
and you know that he committed those crimes because ... the police said so
no such thing as reverse racism ' ... please go back to school.
well that could be. but are blacks that smart ?
. i weighed evidence as chair of board dealing with other legal matters, but same evidence rules.
perhaps the four did it and hillary clinton killed them to cover it up.
k. at least my mother did not raise a police brutality apologist.
you are not very smart. follow your own advice and stop jumping to conclusions
i do not believe your claim to have weighed anything. your evidence is anecdotal.
officers are trained to keep shooting until the threat is eliminated, it is not a game.
you jumped to conclusions about him resisting arrest (which is not a capital crime anyway)
it is a crime if he is dead he obviously does not need medical attention.
not jumping to conclusions or anything
i really should log need tell all my friends i am racist 😂
but now running away * is grounds for being shot
and this coming from the scholar that has used ' cracker ' way to keep it classy
you are jumping to conclusions moron. are you some dope that believes everything the govt tells you ?
. and fuck your respectability politics.
here is evidence to the contrary
good for your cracker friend. still does not negate the fact that its still standard procedure.
because proper investigation requires more than jumping to conclusions.
is a mob. a mob is a sandwich.
just in : police identify officer who shot michael brown
just in police identify officer who shot michael brown ” they was known of !!!
just in police identify officer who shot michael brown ” which is not solving anything.
just in police identify officer who shot michael brown
just in police identify officer who shot michael brown ”
brown robbed amp strong armed a store owner.
2. rt just in police identify officer who shot michael brown
question for police chief ? if officer darren wilson was in pursuit of a robbery suspect , why tell kids
affluent people and those in authority take it as an affront to be questioned, especially by lesser people
it does not matter if you are policed, gang, or neighborhood watch. life means more.
police lied chief now says michael is friend was not involved in any robbery.
a riot not a robbery suspect apprehended.
1st interview mentions cigarillos amp ; told lawyer. video shows he gave back, not mike
cop administered street justice. “ execution for alleged robbery, no go !
a good question. i still think the cop was on drugs and hallucinating.
never mentioned robbery in his confrontation with them ... where is the corresponding dispatch call ?
robbers do not just stroll down the middle of the street after robbing a store. idiots
acted the same even over a bag of chips
of course not ... they have this fake police report, but no dispatch call detailing alleged robbery !
makes me wonder since robbery report filled out day later. also was cigarillo value raised ?
i am all types of confused.
you were correct yesterday ferguson police chief : officer did not stop brown as robbery suspect
that makes no sense at all.
they had 2 splice some tapes together.
and at least fife would have been honest from the first hour.
but they have had six days to come up with a narrative though !
never received emergency medical treatment, they left him in the street & amp ; labeled the event
. no narrative will justify actions after the 2d shot, surrendered, cop kept firing
that is what they took 4 days to concert ?... those 2 situations do not seem related at all
how convenient for this police chief .... he needs to just go
thing is killer cop knew nothing -was just being an asshole bully-started to leave backed up-killed kid
police lied ' police chief : officer did not stop brown as robbery suspect '
the problem is that some police and others believe in a concept of a free kill.
he is innocent of any death penalty offense. even if assault is involved.
there is a very fishy fishing expedition going on in looking for excuses for murder.
we need to the statement by officer wilson on what happened.
where there is just enough justification that a person thinks they can get by with it.
and that is cold blooded murder !
thank goodness the cops in are not very bright. makes it easier to sue their sorry asses !
agree those cops in are filled with so they hide behind military equipment, outrageous tactics
now another store video out that some say shows did pay 4 cigarillos - confusing
i say no more no matter who does it.
. is not this dispatch, and not ? created smokescreen knew it was murder !
someone needs to explain how the cop shot & amp ; then never called an ambulance ?
this shows paid for cigarillos. no robbery, no crime ! pls rt
is lawyer said in cnn interview dorian had admitted it as he gives his witness statement
and that attitude will be their downfall too. bet on it.
more like why was trying to pull into police car through the window ?
and his bullet would have been harmlessly in his pocket.
this is my fucking question !!!
cop never mentions shooting. dispatch never mentions robbery.
sadly friend of was in store also & amp ; has admitted to it
being shot 10 times in the street for stealing cigars is due process ? no arrest . no trial .
shut the fuck up you fuck stick ! “ you comment tells a lot about your character
i it is senseless.
truly. makes me so sick.
mike brown was wearing pants and gym shoes, not shorts and sandals.
call out to stl co police : only can confirm a person shot on chambers , and is down .
naturally assume the police shot. most if not all the gunshots fired have been the rioters
. please keep us in the loop ! want to know if this is continued in a or random
a woman is said to be shot in the head on chambers. also people wearing masks,
they attacked a peaceful protest with tanks and 300 military personnel
they attacked a peaceful protest with tanks and 300 military personnel ”
get out of their !
this seems that it will escalate even further before this is all over
i do not think it was by police, it was apparently a drive by
police say michael brown was robbery suspect , which totally explains why he got the death penalty without a trial
and assault. but who the ok cares about that, just some white dude. .
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
fox is pretty much vomiting this meme out with frightening glee
. it does explain why michael brown would fight w/police & amp ; require bullets to be stopped.
not even shoplifting some cigars.
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
i thought he was trying to steal my gum. “ self defense
while seems to be an offense punishable by police execution these days.
press conference had a police report claiming they thought he was an armed robbery suspect.
a rap song actually about police brutality ply listen and
in it does.
cop deserves a trial too - something that many seem to forget.
bunch of dirt bags with nothing better to do !
the of ' shoot ask questions later trial.
police engaged in character assassination to cover up actual assassination . you . simply . do not . shoot .
you talk about taking an officer is word over his “ friend “ ignoring that there are multiple eyewitnesses
well if i am being robbed who do i call : residents, or 911 ?
yeah there are multiple eyewitness accounts of a confrontation too, from what i read
thief is i mean
accounts that contradict the story you choose to believe. are you implying that all residents of that
in the case you mentioned, a reasonable person would not conclude their life was in danger
that is not the same as not being automatically trusting of police.
you were not there you have no idea what happened.
unarmed not dangerous. an unarmed chuck lid dell will still beat you to death.
ever. had. ass kicked by 300 lb teenager ?
you said i did not.
even if they grab for your gun ?
where did you hear these accounts to the contrary ? because every major new outlet i have seen reinforces
neighborhood are predisposed to being untrustworthy, criminal sympathizers ?
racism and fear pulled the trigger.
. you do not shoot unarmed people ever.
i was not implying that.
i said reasonable person, “ which is a standard term often defaults to.
it took the police 5 days to concoct this tale and this is what they came up with ?
the is conducting the investigation along with the do.
sponsored by the drudge report.
time to end police militarization now !
my favorite tweet of the day. 😝😝😝😝😝😝😝
and this ppm did not resist and are facing the punishment. what is your point.
regardless even if did alleged) the price 4 any scuffle should not be being murdered by cop
too much time fondling their weapons, no thoughts for plotting.
it took the police 5 days to concoct this tale and this is what they came up with ?
i would say complete lack of ninja in this situation.
time to end police militarization now !
but but but should not libertarians and pro-constitution people ... oh never mind
and of course she is a libertarian and “ pro-constitution “
it has been released. in fact i will send you multiple links stating this
young black man something] criminal [something] deserves to die ...
she said who is felicia “ ?
it seems like they are the only ones who believe this bs. nothing adds up
evil and inept great combination for a pd
apparently you all know. so who is she. seems no one knows the answer.
breathing falls off couch*lollllllllllllllll
we have just witnessed the fox versification of an entire police department
from jaywalking to strong-arm robbery . mhm ...
rt ” time stamp on footage is wrong. ”
and the tin foil comes out .... what is your point ?
from jaywalking to robbery. mhm ...
all that means is store never set it.
time stamp on footage is wrong.
gonna do the lady he robbed now ?
look at the date ... if we share that the police need to share the truth really !!
but the store clerks ' lawyer made a statement
police are not criminals you and i are and the public.
some idiots photo shopped that june 9 date on there. seriously, research before spreading rumors
share this photo let the word spread !
then why did his friend confirm that they did steal from da store
dude shut the fuck up rt : “ : ” time stamp on footage is wrong. ”
was not it browns is friend who made the jaywalking claim ?
assuming and were involved in robbery , when can we expect president obama is apology to the pd ?
read the next time do not get me twisted.
a not matter his race has a right to defend himself against attack.
is that why their wearing red handkerchiefs
you are absolutely ignorance is not going to get you anywhere.
white people schooling blacks on race relations, is like me schooling stephen hawking about science.
same here. they are embarrassed by ferguson
when we get his birth certificate
what is holding all of mankind back is arrogant ignorant attitudes like yours.
i would like to talk to your black friends. hook me up.
guess what. bet they graduated high school first. why do so many drop out ?
we have laws against racism. they actually keep many white people from getting jobs.
that is much easier when you skin tone is the dominant one in society.
2. victims portray weakness and really are repulsive.
was signed nullifying the bill frights now ur not evenprotectedself incrimination no taking 5th
you have a master mentality.
slavery is only the beginning. blacks are still second class citizens.
why would he apologize to ferguson pd ? they still reacted with over militarized force to peaceful protesters !
a police officer is not judge, jury, and executioner.
it is like the alcoholic saying, ' poor me, pour me another drink “
problem socialism is soon you run out of other peoples money
the woe is me. is holding some back.
i feel sorry for you. someday, you will see how it is not working for you.
same here. that slave mentality pays too well.
a distinction without a difference. i did read your words. you should choose them more carefully.
what did they peaceful people. tides turn.
maybe we should wait until after the funeral to start calling the man a criminal
oh please. it is enough.
look at all the corporations and governments that white men do not run anymore ... oh wait !
400 years of oppression that i am sure in you reply to this you will deny.
what view are you speaking of ?
assuming and were involved in robbery, when can we expect president obama is apology to the pd ?
this country is 237 years old. do you know that ?
did u c the black mo. hp officer speaking. now there is a leader.
how come the black people i know do not hold your views ?
u win. have a good day.
u mean as in the gang “ bloods “ ?
she wants to talk to our black friends so she could call them uncle tom is. watch out
no one said mike brown was a hero, why do you keep repeating that ?
now that makes no sense.
that is how old the constitution is. the first europeans settled here with slaves 1619.
because of that signed
yep. but this what some will call saint mike. no one can help that mentality.
why do you assume that ? and if it is true, the reaction far outweighed the action.
yes. a whole page of shooting gang signs. upstanding citizen. this is their hero
keep using the vetting company that ha vetted ' obama what did they expect !
i can condemn the actions of the police without condoning the actions of mike brown.
it really is a a mindset.
that was actually pretty funny cos. lol
now you are just making things up. i never said a word about socialism.
their lives. who is holding you back ?
that is tho. blacks can not be racist.
but i forgot that the constitution does not matter anymore anyway.
... that you would think was in by how police responded. treating it like a 9/11 situation.
victims never a law of life.
not getting anywhere here. talk later cos.
you are completely missing the point if you think anyone is calling him a hero or a saint.
police chief says officer darren wilson did not know was a robbery suspect
i am so freaking mad right now, they are lying in our faces.
so what was the point of releasing the fucking video sh.
this case needs to be looked over and the scumbag police officer needs to give up his badge
and no one know right now that he did not. we have to wait for facts
this lady says in the video the police took down security cameras where mike brown was shot
i am just saying that is what they will do in court
so he really is a cold blooded murderer. and he is still free. thanks america.
so police department can murder an 18-year-old for no reason at all.
come on now robbery ! stealing cigars is now considered a robbery !
so if he was with at the robbery why was not he in custody ? all media outlets interviewed him
this is why body cams on pigs do not work ! please re tweet
. gt gt ; because it did not happen.
pd made the suspect in that " robbery " police report . on what basis did they name him ?
every action taken by the pd post shooting has the appearance to me of a cover up.
i smell cover up whoever wrote the report is not that bright ! justice department needs to intervene
does the report identify the suspected robbers as being armed or not ?
they have a time stamped store video. is that enough for you ?
cause of the way it all unfolded
this is there 5 day cover up scheme, we do not buy it in sorry !!!
i think much worse than all those is the fact that it is all too familiar
there is no signature at bottom.
i will finish the sentence ... after the fact to cover their butts !
disgusting : mo chapter of klan raising money as “ reward ” for the officer killing .
why do members of the klein hide behind masks. be a man
not a shovel a ... spade low
this is a coward hiding behind a sheet !
what decade is this again ?! this is insane.
if he accepts that it will be an admission of guilt.
just wait if they find out the cop that shot brown was himself a black man
what the is wrong with this ppm ....... if its not zion is kkk
good folks of this town should disavow this fund raising.
cunt eats a bag of shit.
disgusting mo chapters of klein raising money as “ reward ” for the officer killing.
but the supreme court said racism no longer existed ! i am confused !
arrived in crestwood where officer darren wilson lives . when i knocked police officer rolled up and told me wilson
this requirement is rare in mo because there are 100+ municipalities all packed in to st louis county.
oh sir. sure come on in, ask away. what an idiot
do not the county have the same residency requirements as the city ?
good question. they have been pretty vague this far.
when will we find out what “ injuries “ he had ?
yeah. he is just sitting at home in a bath robe. what a dummy.
is everything about race to you. i did not mention race.
is probably hiding in the attic.
you i have other * paid * work to do.
i think it depends on the city, but it appears no for ferguson.
if it is the wilson from slip, his fm shows him in california
i am not sure how many municipalities require the officers to live in town.
i know that .... does anyone have personnel data for of wilson in ferguson ?
they gave him a head start.
still waiting for the name of the cop who never fled to be seen again !
pd is not slip.
i would leave too if a mob was screaming for my head before all the facts came out.
how can he leave he is a suspect in an ongoing investigation.
does that surprise they would get him far out of town b/4 riding him
yes. everything is about race to me.
people screamed for head. that zionist piece of shit is still walking the streets. stfu.
he is in drinking margaritas.
can you please give me an example of police accused of brutality who have been assaulted in last decade
can you please give me an example of a white person who has been lynched in the last century
did you seriously this he would be there ?
of course it is because you only see skin color not character ! of which your is questionable !
by all listen to these hypothetical cynics you mention. they sound very knowledgeable.
i never said was smart.
here is what the fop says on the topic :
police hand out info to make michael brown seem like a thug . but nothing on how he was actually
obviously with that question
if its true why would officer escalate a simple jay walking situation ?
i would not be dumb enough to protest without all the info in
strong arm robbery which means he was unarmed or no weapon implied.
that is not how that works. have you ever been a policeman ?
movie shooter in actually killed people. shoving someone is a lesser offense than killing multiple people.
seem to missed the unarmed part.
seeming is in the eye of the beholder.
seems like he was doing a lot of pushing others around.
seem like a thug some would say strong armed robbery = thug
protesting does not equate to your iq.
prefaced with if it is true ...
and where did you see them fighting or getting attacked ?
or ... is making a thug look innocent.
or he was a thug .....
he did not have a gun, he was unarmed
it did not just seem “ like he was pushing the store clerk.
does not matter how you preface it. its all speculation if you were not there.
did you have an issue with occupy wall street protest ?
a woman in was shot in head last night and released this selfie . conflicting reports of how it happened
as reported by injured in a random drive-by shooting per lt. col w/
when u spew hate of us balks camp ; lotus u she slavs
this is terrible. the police is out of control and needs to be stopped asap.
gm wow just old lotus all but n word on air. birthers
a woman in was shot in head last night and released this self. ”
we balk 4 lotuses see & gt ; racism runs deep
a month later police have yet to interview. the ambulances came only after numerous calls.
they just went aft lotus camp ; far 4 going on vacation ok whites do daily
gt cut vac per racist
bulk per cut go golf. wow
my boy is a bit much. i just follow to get ridiculous shit like this.
a woman in was shot in head last night and released this self : ”
compelling photo. it is always miraculous to hear about a head shot victim surviving.
why would the officer tell to get out of the street if he was a suspect ?
are there any store surveillance tapes to prove this “ gerry-rigged “ strong arm robbery theory ?!?
why would the officer tell getting out of the street if he was a suspect ?
why not mention this “ strong arm robbery suspect “ status in the very beginning ?
why would the police chief say there was an ambulance when
that makes the pd is original statement seem contradictory does not it
officer may not have even known. just being a murderous jerk.
ferguson pd now admits that darren wilson did not know anything about the store robbery when he stopped mike brown
that is what i am trying to figure out.
huh that makes total sense to me. spare me ....
that was their only sliver of hope. repercussions need to be huge.
it was the mm that inferred this. what is your point ?
they said he confirmed he stole them sh !
how can you be sure its bad ? mike could have freaked out thinking different
means nothing about whether the violent thug assaulted him.
well he has his friend calling radio stations saying he did know low which is it ?
wow ! what was the point of bring out the robbery footage today if it had nothing to do with
the enemy enjoys chaos and confusion. the video will serve that purpose.
because the press demanded it with for, he answered that question 5 times
such a great point they are trying to defame him.
what if that clerk were your dad ? hmmm ?
pray for us in st. louis region everyday minorities face character assassination
just to throw dirt on the victim !
officer involved should be charged the victim had surrendered and was shot execution style
to stop the people watching.
the police chief is a 5 star general in projection , imagination and deflection ... took a week to hatch
did not the store manager say on saturday that he was not involved ?
they think we will be ok with what happened if they say a black man did it. smh
exactly ... and now going into the second.
preach. . it was so fake !!
someone with better eyes than me please on the bottom left photo . is not that june ?
it says 9 2014 sh
it looks like it says 2014-06-09
it is an but ask yourself why time stood still in each frame.
someone with better eyes than me please on the bottom left photo. is not that june ?
you can see it better in the pic is on the left, 8/9
yes it says .... what the hell
it is close ... especially the bottom left.
yeah it appears to be a bunch of bs that definitely is not brown
the dude in the pix is wearing different clothes than. so someone pointed out the date looked ???
it says cam 6 2014-08-09
* if * the report was written same day as the shooting , as bungling as cops have been ,
store owner and robbery witness id would brown. they prob had this info within hours
also ..... on tuesday chief jackson told me brown was not being stopped in ... “
oh my god. what imbeciles.
should not there have also been a warrant for his arrest out if their story was true ?
not for brown because it all happened in the same day, but why not for johnson ?
in case youtube vid disappears , here is childhood friend on tonight is " drive by "
in case did here is childhood friend on tonight is “ drive by “
when the police chief admits that was stopped for walking in the road .
when the police chief admits that was stopped for walking in the road.
and this is the moment when he realized nobody requested the video to be released !
time to retire. that day
or burnt to a crisp.
when the police chief admits that was stopped for walking in the road.
good luck passing any laws after all of this. reminds ppm why 2nd amendment is important
i am showing you 2 videos, do not conflate them “
dear ....... are you really sure this gun thing you have got going is working ?
i had no idea that resisting arrest for walking in the street can get u shot to death
i am glad people are finely starting to see through the medias and cops bs and leis
so how does that justify murder ? corruption from within ! dont let em fool ya !
pitiful what a farce !
60 is in mississippi or alabama.
they desecrated is body then they desecrated his memory and plight for justice . explain this .
the coroners ' car was blocked by protesters.
. never checked to see if he was dead then 3 hrs later shove him in suv like roadkill
q : " why did he stop michael brown ? " police chief : " because they were walking down
rt right. rt blocking traffic on an empty street inside a neighborhood ... got it
right. rt blocking traffic on an empty street inside a neighborhood ... got it
blocking traffic on an empty street inside a neighborhood ... got it
that is a pretty good reason to shoot some one
witness to shooting atty confirms brown took cigars from store . client told fbi he " did take cigarillos "
not a justification for death penalty. arrests are also not made through car doors.
but it is amazing how white serial killers get safely taken into custody to live off my tax dollars
did this comment really seem appropriate ? i pray for lost souls with more opinions than sense.
so the community goes nuts for a thug ?
this disgusting ... stop it is alleged.
a mugger got shot. damn the truth shall set you free
17 year old unarmed kid shot ten times by police for stealing candy . i did not know that was
it is if someone starts assaulting an officer
this is or should be.
these days ' especially with stand your ground and even a sneeze is punishable by death.
. we do not even know that he stole any candy.
anything is punishable by death if the youth is black.
ten times for stealing candy ? god have mercy !
it applies to black people.
agreed should be charged w/murder !!
. this story makes me physically sick.
this is simple : if was a robbery suspect , why didn’t police say that on day one ? why
exactly smells fishy to me. they are trying to cover up their own tracks.
they had to get their lie straight
the police said time x again he was a robbery suspect
exactly what i was thinking. do they think we are that dumb ?
and if he was why did not they apprehend the boy that was with him ?
why did he cont to shoot after his hands were raised ? thats where this is a clear murder
follow me. ill follow back asap. (not spam) !
they are killing the victim again
great point why did not they arrest his “ accomplice “ if they were robbery suspects ?
video police release surveillance tape from store related to :
mike brown was a thug. i tend to believe the cops on this one !
police release surveillance tape from store related to : “ mike & amp ; trayvon-such nice boys
look at that sweet innocent unarmed teenager on the left.
video does not prove it. but it will be awfully suspicious if brown wore the same outfit.
the irony of this statement.
tell how rt rt rt
rt video police release surveillance tape from store related to :
the police admitted that it was not related, why are u continuing to spread this false information ?
video police release surveillance tape from store related to :
something does not smell right -
this man could not have possibly assaulted a police officer this a side show nothing more than a smear
the ones that need to fill diversity quotas.
this guy is obviously a gentle kid. where is michelle and her anti bullying campaign.?
. i demand you retract the lie that people in were shouting " kill the police " , local reporting
did you attend the gathering ? in what capacity ?
you are sitting on a big scoop, my man. upload that video !
check out my time line. i have re tweeted a lot of them.
i join you in this demand. unconscionable.
people on twitter forgive me i need more than that. their track record is not good.
i have re tweeted some aids from last night.
the vines are from this morning. anything from last night ?
when will you be uploading your video of the chants ?
a link to one or two would be appreciated.
follow lots of short videos you can see.
them a and a bunch of others need to retract their lies
did anyone think of comparing the clothes that was wearing when he was laying on the street to the security
yes hat and sandals vs no hat and tennis shoes
had the same flip flops on.
yeah. just did on
it is not him the store owners already said so
try asking a real anon and not a fail fag lolololalso, pics were of a white officer
i thought the same thing.
it is a good thing u went to detective school .... was would the cops do w/o u ?
police in once charged a man for bleeding on their uniforms after 4 of them beat him
police dept. in is starting to unravel ...
i did i done with cops
short picked ..... that is right, i said it !
be interesting to see the crime stats for that region.
police in once charged a man for bleeding on their uniforms after ”
i am falling in love with the us
that case was insane absolute power corrupts absolutely !
wanna hear a great joke ?????? “ usa “
it is to say that a black man is innocent, you euro trash
also do not forget he was innocent but they beat him anyway, they are all racist cunts
must have attended the same academy that rampart did
obvious blatant care of his injuries came later to him having his photo taken.
i do not call myself an investor in alt coins ... but i am trading some rr 😶
since fbi is investigating the shooting , is not darren wilson a fugitive & amp ; the cops who let
yes that is what they say until your cleared in the investigation !
. what kinda police let murder suspect leave town ?
when there is an investigation and your a suspect. your still told not to go anywhere.

if no one knows where he is, and he killed someone, what else can we call him
only kind i have heard do that.
are not you an idiot and your progeny all retards ?
but he is white and a cop so nah
well no he is not a fugitive charges have not been pressed
yep. they definitely do.
i believe that was a different officer. there was no mention of an assault rifle.
oh he will definitely have to be back soon. or maybe he never really left ...
is there a warrant i think has to be warrant for arrest to be fugitive
i really hope holder is going to work out all his years of frustrations on these creeps.
you do not want that. i am not a criminal lawyer !
is the police chief in changing the story ?
the availability heuristic applies to the cops decision making and now the crowds here is summary
is the police chief in changing the story ? ” can they just stop already ????
sorry meant anyone not anymore.
this guy is full of shit. the story just keeps changing.
nope. saw then heard call about a robbery at the store. connected dots.
. yep. pretty much true. cc
best line police chief = mall cop
we call ' em rewrites in hollywood. hope he is using final draft.
i think this is chapter 4 of the playbook
same here so much be stuff being done here is a taste that is relevant to
only every time he opens his mouth.
my column arrest wilson arrest him now !! :
the answer to your question is “ yes, constantly “
is the police chief in changing the story ? ” yep ...
he changed the story five hours ago. , brown family says !
americans are 8 times more likely to be killed by a police officer than by a terrorist .
end it right here. i am done wasting time on trolls 😂
but our country fears terrorism and is more worried about it than the police
because the terrorists blow themselves up.
are 8 times more likely to be killed by a police officer than by a terrorist.
and more likely to be killed by a family member ... screw you mom !!!!
that is great man. enjoy talking shit anonymously
cops are the biggest terrorist in america
perspective .... lovely refreshing !
find the stats for innocent americans “. what would the murder numbers look like without police ?
that is right this you as a kid
you can not even show your face in your avid
are 8 times more likely to aggravate insult and assault and officer
not really many domestic terrorists running around there bob. lots of cops.
you are not killing anyone gilligan stu and go back to being a spineless high pitched bitch.
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
you feel tough calling other people bitches, huh keyboard warrior ? 😂
but what is really a terrorist then ..... seems like terror to me
to call a bitch when i see a bitch.
right. thanks i definitely got schooled 😂😂
your local police the real terrorists.
your'e not protesting the 11 teens a day who die while testing.
face palm i have a higher chance to kill you. stfu
exactly . why release the video if stopping mike brown was not related to the robbery ? jesus christ this
look up the freedom of information act (foil) . media must understand media law.
not exactly. he could have shot him dead for blocking traffic.
they claim they released the tape because it was a foil request * enters side eye *
because people who commit robberies are less likely to deal on friendly terms with police.
then they ran he pursued. rest is history.
but that means officer had no legitimate reason to interact with, do not you think ?
chief says media requested it “ ; media has no idea it existed
mt the police should have covered up mike brown is robbery ! “
it speaks to his and to his state of mind ten minutes later.
violence , brutality , suppression of free speech . attacks on journalists . yeah . let is believe everything the
rt yeah. let is believe everything the blacks have to say.
thank that is exactly what i thought. why would anyone believe them ?
you expect people to react rationally, but humans rarely act rationally.
the blacks : yeah. let is believe everything the blacks have to say. ”
the blacks : yeah. let is believe everything the blacks have to say. ”
and let is believe the ira approved media outlets say ?
a hop song actually about police brutality ply listen, share
anybody else thinks the police chief is just making this up as he goes along ? this is beyond embarrassing
the good people of have been doing that for several days now.
truth and justice must be demanded ...
right ... mike could have paid for it as well ...
yep. its all about the video now and murderer darren wilson is a non factor.
it is time for citizens of ferguson to demand his resignation and appoint a competent person instead.
investigation sounds like a choose your own adventure book !
yep but the more they talk the more harm they do to their case.
this is an excellent time to have a voter registration movement, something positive can come from this
i am deeply disturbed. a lot of things just do not add up !
no words other than better hold pd accountable for any altered camp ; falsified docs-
i know they have ... and bias witness in protective custody. doj investigating this whole mess !
thinking he needs to stay off mic for sure !
urgent : darren wilson is the police officer who shot mike brown
rt urgent wilson is the police officer who shot mike brown
deserved what he got. do not attack police officers !!!!
more of rt reporting on american news not it is own. hmhmhmhmhm ...
blacks are the biggest racists and bigots same as their white brethren
urgent is the police officer who shot mike brown
urgent is the police officer who shot mike brown ” rt
excuses coming thick amp ; fast next
is this the right link ?
chief confirmed name of officer who shot is darren wilson .
you expect them to find all accounts listed as anon and declare not affiliated ?
you should probably ask the person who actually ousted the wrong man. not every anonymous is.
what will you do at scoop wilma ?
good thing someone knew the real one you fucking losers
big corp media reports false news daily.
but every anonymous is a moms-basement-dwelling ass clown.
chief confirmed name of officer who shot is darren wilson.
is that the officer photographed standing over brown ?
let us have free speech however wrong.
at least someone got it right since you clowns had it wrongs twice.
2nd video footage proving pd chief lied on rt : after moments of death .
do you know who filmed this ? we would like to get in touch with them.
can anybody help find the person that shot the newest video footage in regarding ?
where is the rest of the footage ??
. i do not. saw the video on page late last night but they can probably help.
update - shooter did not know was a robbery suspect :
was his police radio off ? he was in the same neighborhood.
my column arrest wilson arrest him now !! :
update shooter did not know was a robbery suspect :
update shooter did not know was a robbery suspect :
nothing is changed. he is still a murderer. character assassination. where is done photo.
character assassinate is flimsy excuse to justify cold blooded killing of an unarmed teen.
course he did not.
calling he heard it on the radio according to the police report ....
every time i read this it just makes me mad !
" the officers were literally putting hands on media personnel , throwing people ... "
seems like the thing to do to me with in.
the officers were literally putting hands on media personnel, throwing people ... “ ”
why can not the federal govt take control of this scene ?
your right to assemble is not being denied. “ * followed by people is laughter
just no accountability or consequences. the media are mostly supplicating to the army
you have pictures of this ?
rt the officers were literally putting hands on media personnel, throwing people ... “
shorter pd : " damn , we thought we could dirty up this guys name , we did not think
says the tea bully with no facts to back up his claims
but your sure matches your followers !
report : cop id would as unarmed teen is killer left the area days ago
. should be charged with homicide, treated as a fugitive and tracked down by us marshals
yeah that does not sound suspicious, does it ?
all that tear gas was a distraction for him to leave was not it ? maaaan ...
if this is the i live in, that killer cop should be in jail !
this makes the complete. and completely depletes any remaining trust in their law enforcement.
spot on send dog the bounty hunter after this coward killing kids !
if that is even his real name.
report cop id would as unarmed teen is killer left the area days ago ”
was that name on the d0xed list of officers ?
report cop id would as unarmed teen is killer left the area days ago
. i demand that you retract the lie that people were shouting " kill the police " . reporters at
thanks for i included it here
. the fuck here troll
is has a very conservative bias.
she shares a name with a birth control pill.
bush did it. of course !! lord the ignorance.
and stop killing us “
thank you for that tweet. god bless.
how the fuck can this idiot compare vandalism to a shooting death ? and this idiot gets to vote
exactly. no no peace.
. parity how the fuck does it work ?!
that is the lying ass media for ya !!
anything to promote huh ?
yeah was hoping to find something from someone on the ground
you are comparing vandalism to a murder ?? eff your life !
and tell amp ; to do the same ! it is divisive propaganda.
mother/daughter team in . daughter just took bar . will be civil rights atty
love voting matters
this is the best thing i have seen all week.
team in. daughter just took bar. will be civil rights atty
nice. rt team in. daughter just took bar. will be civil rights atty
inspirational rt team in. daughter just took bar. will be civil rights atty
that is what i have been waiting to see. vote vote vote
what is the story on that building they are standing in front of ?
team in. daughter just took bar. will be civil rights atty ”
it team in. daughter just took bar. will be civil rights atty ”
team in. daughter just took bar. will be civil rights atty ”
good work tell her best wishes on passing !!
i am grateful to for sharing the joys/triumphs of your community as well as the sorrows.
praise god amen i am super happy for her
the live stream from is back up and running . watch here while you can :
the live stream from is back up and running. watch here while you can : ”
scientist received a deep space transmission today, ,
the live stream from is back up and running. watch here while you can :
the live stream from is back up and running. watch here while you can : ”
flash player on ... nope
tell the people name the shame
scientist received a deep space transmission today, ,
will not run here ... nz
two weeks before was killed he accepted jesus christ as his savior !
u sure two weeks before was killed he accepted jesus christ as his savior ! ”
thank you he got saved
did robin do the same thing ?
two weeks before was killed he accepted jejesushchrists his savior ! ”
two weeks before was killed he accepted jesus christ as his savior !
romans at its best ! truly god works in mysterious ways ... amen
it is great to know he got saved, before his life was taken.
keep going ! that is the chant of our young people in !
keep going that is the chant of our young people in ! ”
keep going that is the chant of our young people in ! ”
rt : man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police . pic by
he is not spilling any chips or anything either.
with an open bag of chips is his hand ! greatest picture ever.
so , many of those calling for transparency yesterday are condemning police for what they released today . can’t have
these people probably consider themselves “ pro-life “ as well (unless it is a black person)
another racist who just has to believe that the black person got what they deserved. you are disgusting
and the threat of public execution for being gay
is there a death penalty for theft ? did not think so
nigger is racist but cracker is not ?
his partner amp family lawyers both admitted it was him robbing the store.
cop is awareness is not the point. violent felonious behavior and a reason to resist arrest are.
really who has bcz even the store owner said it was not.
the store clerk would have done them since saturday, i would assume.
reports are now that the officer was responding to the call, i thought ...
thank i will stay right here and fight an increasingly oppressive gov not
yea because nothing says freedom like a racist lotus who throws a tantrum because he did not get candy
and black people will do anything to defend bad behavior
police should not be shooting unarmed black boys and men. get it through your racist heads.
because it shows that this “ kid “ was not an innocent bystander
i agree it is a diversion
white ppm will say anything to justify the murder of black people
but they want it both ways. new day, same old crap.
but they have not released anything ... related to the shooting execution that is ...
you can if you are a lib !
says his felon friend
and you were there that from his “ felon friend “
he was. he was unarmed with his hands raised.
and please remember there is no proof he has his hands up.
i am done arguing w u. ur dumb. white. and ugly. bye.
no more facts ' huh ? resort to name calling ... good job.
getting shot in the back ? are you fucking kidding me ? what is your damage ???
at you thinking those are mutually exclusive
another view administration could be as transparent as promised and legitimately condemned for info they release.
do not even bother he is been calling me a racist all day.
but brown was aware of it.
you are the disgusting animal
and cops will do anything to get away w murder.
your point is what.
police should only release information that meets the narrative.
yeah little 6'4 293. so tiny you are right
you can not be angry at the truth ? ok ...
no but if you are going to commit a felony be prepared for consequences
racist trash showing its true colors. do everyone and favor and remove yourself from the earth.
it was actually 6'4, 293
accountability you rob a store, be prepared for the consequences
since when is 6-2 and 250lbs “ little “ ?
no but a felon at 6'4, 293 is quite a threat yes
. sure you if you are a democrat, that is.
confirmed that he and brown were in that video. so - fact, yes ?
you meets the progressive left “ narrative
you have no idea who that is. are you really this sick ?
should we execute now since we know he took money illegally ?
great so shoot execute him ! right ?
what was released today mentioned nothing about the shooting. so there still is a lack of transparencies.
you assume that seeing one black teen in a video means any black teen is suspect ?
why do you white people get such raging boners when black people are murdered ?
that would be you. get your shit twisted cracker.
you rob a you get the death penalty with no due process ? ok got it !
tell me there is some explanation, however lame !
is there proof of that ? or is that what the cops said ?
maybe they should unleash polices on wall st. that is where the big thieves are.
mist innocent people rob you are an idiot
18 yrs years old amp ; unarmed is not a big threat is it ?
yeah and unfortunately some people will not be happy unless they can commit genocide against “ whitey “
of course you could not care less. you are white.
his friend so does not mean anything. whole discussion is a diversion from execution.
he was unarmed. i still do not see a threat.
i am not black. you are a racist. eat shit.
sure they can. on race issues they always do have it both ways.
racists always out themselves talking shit about obama. its all you got
exactly. anything to keep us distracted.
you are blocked amp ; reported ass-wipe. 0 followers hahn
he was not attacking when he was shot in the back ... or was he ? da dash daaaaaah
where exactly are you getting the “ truth “ ? the racist corporate owned media ? hahahahahaha !!!
an animal is not a threat until he is cornered, then they will do anything to live
if this little kid “ was so good, why did not he obeys the officer ?
no proof he robbed the store ?
do not be disingenuous. what they released today was some bullshit and most everyone knows that.
the robbery does not justify the shooting. but it does make claim of gun-grabbing less unlikely.
can you send me a link to this “ confirmation ? “
bullshit facts that i do not like. . .
do your research dip shit. i do not have time to educate ignorant racists like you
you are a moron. bye bye.
who is life was he threatening u dummy ? he was unarmed. stop being so white.
you do not seem to have a grasp on the general reaction
and please remember there is no proof he robbed the store.
you clearly have a limited understanding both of transparency and accountability.
you are a dumb cunt. get bent you pampered bitch.
you do not know them very well. .
they have confirmed this is him. so if the truth makes me sick ....
protestors have packed the lobby of the police headquarters . not being let into the press confere ...
fire all the council members - take back your city
. i betcha went take their still sh ! ; & lt ;
have packed the lobby of the police headquarters. not being let into the press confer ...
i do not want another bigot getting in my tl saying it is not abt race , when is the
one man can not change the behavior of the collective.
. reasonable intelligence ? amazing ... u sold be asking who benefited from 911
if people let some pundits convince them not to vote, they were not going to vote anyway
not about me about your followers and there misconceptions. i have hard skin too
plus ethical traditionally make up the lower ranks hence dying more often.
tell me about this black tank commander is civil rights when he got back from vietnam ?
11 percent of the population, 12. 6 percent of the soldiers in vietnam
absolutely. but knowing they are on camera will make some think twice at brutality before they act.
that pool to believe but if the system is not equal for/to all ...........
they were trained by the if (israel) . we are all palestinians now.
listen 2 the piercing words of the mother in
this is what i mean by “ the system “.
ah you found me out. i believe all people are created equal. terrible, i know.
all pundits are like flies in a hurricane in the information age. we do not need them !
makes this issue colorblind. no the fuck it ai not
we would have noticed but took his ribbon out of his avid.
' cops r doing as told ' why do we believe d justice system will go after them.
what does it take to put the on trial ? why r the not yet arrested ?
i would like to stop pretending it is post racial !!!
if you have to always “ police the police then the police are the problem not the citizens
i mussel on the one and he is arrogant as all get out.
take may god bless.
what happened in our unit in vietnam cannot change what happened when got back home
you use ethnic minorities as cannon fodder in most combat zones.
training may be required for armed dangerous drug dealers but not unarmed teens
thats the point why 2 & amp ; not 4 ???
not everyone sees your entire conversation. looks like a generalization, by careful
it is not just what the gov not considers murder. it is a fact.
why are not state laws correcting the problem b4 the feds show up ???
if that was then after milk everything “ should have been “ pool, right ?
missed where she compared his murder 2 police killing dogs ! i am pissed ...
yes it is the feds who typically have to move in when you have a corrupt local dept.
really wow somehow i tank that was an insult ... but even u can dream !
why the hell does have branches in foreign nations.
. is the only victims in the world the rest of us are not shit ...
that is always been the case. the police was never our friend
bullets until the entire front facade caved in ... so he can not tell me at police or military
is in many countries not just israel, and has been there for years.
as long as that same system that deny reality is in place ........
irrelevant. the disproportionate number of minorities in front line situations is very telling.
not about race idiot or racist, either way you are blocked, .
the definition of murder does not change based upon the race of those being killed or killing.
did not compare any such thing. used it to point out trigger happiness.
murdered that was a quick trial. screw due process, am i right ? 😃👍
gotta go get some stuff done. god bless.
preach they are elevating distraction to a science
agreed can work with if.
not everyone is like you. just yell and block.
then we need to work on this fast before it spirals out of control
this training issue is a deflection, its excessive use of force. cops should be on trial
this whole discussion will away matter !!!!!
could even walk in white restaurant or be seen w/a white woman w/o being shot when
besides judiciary who will u turn to ? congress is a joke !
damn. i am glad you posted that article.
we can not differentiate. both local & amp ; national elections deserve our undivided attention
i have blocked that idiot hours ago, so plus remove me from any further discussion including etc ...
it was after the did only 2 out of the four go to jail.
yes yes and that is why “ daily “ mass distraction is key.
from plantation to economic. white supremacy is sinister, dangerous
i am very happy i missed that bs.
what is this rt “ : che this out- sgt ; nypd in israel - sgt ;
maybe they want to improve on their police brutality skills by seeing how the foreigners do it.
cuss away if it makes u feel better.
i guess only huh ?
of it is are right 2 do anything as u c fit. my bad
. so are you claiming it is not about race ? a simple yes or now will do.
an no i am not happy about the ferguson shooting.
u guys take care. church duty calls.
unless it considers wall street (capital of capital) its most important beat.
2 of those cops went to jail for a long time.
u do as u wish. it is totally been right. my bad 4 bothering u
they get really irked when they read something that challenges their racist world view.
remember professional organizations should not have to be policed.
i stopped watching them awhile back.
why would they need of combat training in for r streets unless their planning something
but we and people like me had no control over that.
i crossed tony with the innocent boy who was murdered by police. sorry about that.
really there is nothing wrong with voting for you congressman/woman, governor, state legislators
because he is the cop shot ten times instead of five or six.
yup. no one gives a shit about their pods
it took everything in me not 2 curses - sgt ; this lunatic out !
we he no social leaders most r out chasing booty. no martinlkings or malcolm.
i would list them all as well ! twitter 140 characters ! lol
u have seen d cage fifth this training is similar. why go2 israel ?
good but if you consider paid leave/vacation time winning. jail time is winning !!!!
the senseless violence against blacks is widespread, every state, every police unit
judging from his he does not exactly fit in with any racist groups !
yeah they are few amp ; far between ...
cooperative efforts are reasonable in light of modern concerns. but their reach is too extensive.
and then were tried for civil rights violation. not all went to jail but 2 did.
gathering to help our city.
fair enough. but it shows the military was, and still is institutionally racist.
i follow you for a reason, trying to protect your credibility.
watch your manners. i road around vietnam dmz with black tank commander, do not generalize !
is a sin. just my opinion
it is how many white ppm has the usa blown up lately ?
you understand class issues as well. correct 😒
king had a video tape and the system still let the cops off !!!!
i do not need a history lesson on how many bulk soldiers in vietnam, not one of them
agree with or chick responds with reasonable intelligence
and hence hell on earth home !!!
i am always open for good dialogue.
wait until you hear this mess ! they are talking about drones in philadelphia.
are you still talking nascar ?
of he should not be shooting at all.
nothing is perfect but at least it would be a start.
not surprised. they got drones on the border
i know i am not entertained. people are starving out there while wall street turns bigger profits !
us can train cops adequately. r a threat, they must go to court.
their training shoot the in d chest so why they need martial art training
no yelling here. but i will block quick & amp ; fast.
thought so. enjoy your tea.
we have tools now we never had- cameras and internet get the story out. publicized without networks.
these days social leaders can be female n will emerge from social media activists
we have a problem !!!!
again the problem is not cameras it is the system !!
if he were white or light skinned, the cop would shoot, but fewer times.
was waiting for someone called ' killer ' to start defending a murderous copper.
nope true. they got off at first.
i definitely feel u charlie. study candidates & amp ; hold them responsible
sensibility amp rational thing sold have been what the cops used b4 murdering
martial arts training does not allow u to kill the vulnerable
no no those with the most power must be policed. always !
there was economic this changed the filter.
what is this as '. hoping it is not bio chemistry for cell group.
if u r white & amp ; u r not outraged about then the problem is much bigger than the
just found news article. incredible ! good for the community standing their ground against police intervention.
what are the facts of the case ? what an outrageous comment when we know very little.
i am white amp ; i am outraged.
i am more outraged about fertile ...
how are you thought about you just the other day. glad to hear from you !
omg wow " : wow rt : police have brought out the large gear in . "
just stay in your house. but damn they will just drive through your walls. i wonder
if there is even a point living in this country anymore.
look like the build up to an impending battle ... against a well trained enemy
never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks ...
never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks ... ”
is to stop talking bout it.
rt never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks ...
the badge may be but the concept of police using brutal force against minorities is not :
never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks ... ”
two days and an irrelevant reply later *.
so you are telling me a black person was on runaway slave patrol.
info is here
ignoring the problem does not make it go away ....
where does it say anything about white people.
oops thanks for letting me no
the courage it takes to to write these words down , much less display them to the world
mt the courage it takes to write these words down ... display them to the world
. my heart is broken.
today is events in one video :
u r a soldier and a blessing. thank u for all that u r doing.
. thank you for sharing what you witness-rip
thanks for the tweets. being away from right now is killing me
rt today is events in one video : ”
to you thank you for getting the word out. stay safe n be blessed
today is events in one video :
today is events in one video : ”
for the video. my hometown is hurting ... i wish that i could be there
powerful video today is events in one video : ”
today is events in one video : ”
the chief , the county chief , county prosecutor , and need to reach out to the family and promise
how do you give a son back ?
you expect racist fascists to do a real investigation ?
they do not intend to uphold justice ....
keep your eyes on is tweets . the journalist is on the ground in right now .
this is how they respond to one of their own shooting & amp ; killing an unarmed teenager.
will be this the beginning ?
kinda unnecessary do not ya think !!!
you take back your country.
it is exactly the practice of martial law, what is next ? probably actual martial law.
rt keep your eyes on is tweets. the journalist is on the ground in right now.
that guy on the top has a fucking sniper rifle. seriously ?
are they still rioting ? thought it would calm down already
their fitted out like a seal team. wow
what is the chances of seeing what is on all of their helmet cams that they have been using
wow i can not believe this is on the streets of america
is that in ?
when fear is not enough to control the american public. they bring in people to force control.
why are all those cops dressed like they are going to play soldiers ?
tax dollars paid for that equipment to harass and harm citizens
i sense a cauldron ?
the police dept did not say " murdered " of course . cops never " murder " people . black
in beaver creek police shot a black male and are calling it murder. so should ferguson.
i would not deny that
sounds like an awful version of the phrase “ his body ran into my bullets ten times “
oh right because white are murder. this is the most ignorant statement i have read.
the lady before was which does not help in such circumstances
that is not just that applies to everyone too.
so if the officer was black this would not be an issue ?
that is kind of my point though. that statement should have never singled out a specific race.
murder requires intent ; imo, given disturbances, pretty reckless to incite w/o clear facts
accusing people of murder before a conviction is a particularly stupid way to waste taxpayers money
law enforcement agents can’t commit crimes because we only draft heroic ubermensch into their ranks
i think you mean before they are charged, which is just an accusation by the state.
i have read quite a few more actually ...
i would agree with that think your original wording could be better.
time to end police militarization now !
more on the language of police shootings, by
that happens to not just black people.
yep and in this case it was an execution
but such is the ...
murder in is impossible ; * unqualified * murder with conditional intent also
are you aware that the officer that shot is also black ?
. police love using the passive voice, it is almost like they did not do anything
murder unlawful premeditated killing of a human being by another. until proven guilty, law presumes innocence
mike is father used the proper verb : “ executed “
never forget : tear gas . rubber bullets . apcs . militarized cops . no name tags . no fly
schedule this one to repeat every week until the ’ 16 election is done.
... no hope for peace.
yeah go look up real tyranny.
what is wrong with gassing al jazeera ? and everyone should forget violent felons like
felony assault and theft at same time takes skills
high school graduation picture of mike brown . may he rest in peace , while we fight for his justice
posting a high school does not make him innocent, wait for all sides to come forth.
well hopefully cause of communities will find they can no longer bury these stories.
this boy is the same age as my son. it is heartbreaking and these killings must stop
where is the outrage and support for the davis family
when will it end with these corrupt trigger happy cops ?
this happen in my city it was a sad day for us ....
i would suggest that the police department stop jamming live streams and communications immediately .
i would suggest that the police department stop jamming live streams and communications immediately. ”
i would suggest that the police department stop jamming live streams and communications immediately.
at the risk of sounding like a fit, take over their scanner channels and play this :
this person live-tweeted the killing of michael brown in :
whoa. rt this person live-tweeted the killing of michael brown in :
robbery suspect brown “
this person the killing of michael brown in :
rt this person live-tweeted the killing of michael brown in :
whoa this person live-tweeted the killing of michael brown in : ”
this person the killing of michael brown in : ”
can not imagine. this person live-tweeted the killing of michael brown in : ”
rt this person the killing of michael brown in :
holy shit this person live-tweeted the killing of michael brown in : ”
wow i am glad they uncovered who the killer was !
this has been edited. does that bother you ? of course not
cop had no knowledge of the robbery at the time. he killed him for jay walking.
this person the killing of michael brown in : ”
this person the killing of michael brown in : ”
this person the killing of michael brown in : ” seen this !? nuts !
fuck this person live-tweeted the killing of michael brown in : ”
situation in getting very tense after police killed unarmed teenager mike brown ( photo : )
hands up with a dog poised to attack. wow.
oh yeah you are being targeted because you are african american.
they did not fuck kill him they murdered him fuck the police
rt situation in getting very tense after police killed unarmed teenager
wow. democracy or a police state ?
another day being black in america. just another day we are targeted.
whats extremely sad is i can not keep up with cops killing african-americans with zero need for deadly force
the situation in looks pretty familiar already (photo
is that from 1965 ?!?
intimidation is preferred over more bullets.
situation in getting very tense after police killed unarmed teenager mike brown (photo
picture look familiar. looks like the “ good ole days “
cops have some nerve to have the k9s out
follow amnesty delegation on the ground in to observe , collect testimony
such a relief amnesty ! !
good news. rt follow amnesty delegation on the ground in to observe, collect testimony
follow amnesty delegation on the ground in to observe, collect testimony via
glad to hear amnesty is recording
follow amnesty delegation on the ground in to observe, collect testimony
the astonishing pictures coming out of -- snipers and tanks trained on civilians -- look like they are straight out
if you take the dollar well take the gas.
they are pictures from a failing state.
a state working as with the mystical bullshit stripped away.
the state has failed black people since its inception.
how much of a failing state is the usa ?
for so many it is indeed : not failing ... failed state.
i have always lived here. it is always been the most racist place i can imagine.
a failing state first becomes a police state.
they are. major
pictures of a state that has failed us
st. louis police chief condemns military tactics being used in
st. police chief condemns military tactics being used in ”
st. police chief condemns military tactics being used in
he should be fired back your guys at all cost. sell out
excellent piece. st. louis police chief condemns military tactics being used in ”
st. police chief condemns military tactics being used in goodness
pr image trying to his own call govorgcriminls
it but still let it happen, unacceptable.
blacks acts like they are the only ones ! and they blame all whites not all are racist !
powerful video of protestors w/hands up mocking police . video via
powerful video of protesters up mocking police. video via
: powerful photos from the police protests
unless there is a video of the event cops are favored. asking for equal justice
do not confuse this isolated situation with others
u r ignorant. lacking knowledge or awareness is a subject.
that is not true. every situation is different. but when racism is discovered you cannot ignore it
no doubt glad to see brothers can still have conversations that have depth !
you are so funny you are right that would be impossible
powerful photos from the police protests ”
when it is the blacks been racist
change is but you can not ignore racism/ injustice when its present
trifling you keep calling me that i have not heard that word since school low
first black people on stealing makes people think all black people steal not me
and its possible he did not.
why do not you ask yourself if you really have to given he was shot in the back 1st
good point. also as a race we need to confront racism whenever its apparent
no i am not saying they savage but yes they are making there selves look that way
why not release the full report ? why is the burden of proof against the victim ?
being if you are going to try to make a point spell correctly.
a show to squash the resistance movement period in this country --- sgt ;
then you should already most police feed in2 the stereotype n see isolated incidents as a collective
if you want to be taken seriously you need to use words correctly
that is not hard to believe
the cops come it is always the cops fault right like i said it is you wrong
knowing the kid is not the point. even if he grabbed the gun no excuse
wow so he deserved to died because of “ parenting skills “ ? i am done. peace man
you so funny i can exactly say i knew better so i did better
no because good parents have there kids at home like i said you guys do not no his life
why do u need facts ? u r already convinced. contradiction
have you listened to the multiple witnesses if this was the court of law witness testimony carries weight
i mean let is be honest it is possible it might be the young man grab for his gun
rt powerful photos from the police protests
i believe that let is just hear it all the judge
i know what that life is like and the game we play with the police
sorry about the spelling i am trying to type fast
so now you are doing better they are angry savages who deserve to be shot ?
just proves they are looking for a way to justify, rather than looking for
powerful photos from the police protests ”
rt powerful photos from the police protests
... wonder y we did nt he this level of response for the folks ?
u say let them do their job. do u think he did his job ?
what r u talking about change what ? do u even know who that is ?
i just do not understand everybody keeps yelling for justice but we do not even really know what happen
a unarmed person who might have been trying to grab a police officers gun
it is not allowed them to do there job and stop with the pressure
bless .sssavedandfull of compassion .
the leader of the free world. “ : : protests ”
we do not play those games. you did. speak for yourself. do not generalize.
its a civil right. plus his back was turned to the cop. danger ?
powerful photos from the police protests
powerful photos from the police protests ”
never said it was just saying it is not always black and white
powerful photos from the police protests ”
powerful photos from the police protests ” obama ai not 🙊
in sorry but we as a race have to start been honest with ourselves it not just the cop
no i do but that could have been anyone there.
and shot multiple times why do not they release the full autopsy report ?
no killing him is not his job i am just saying let is get the facts
an unarmed person who presented no apparent threat was shot multiple times period.
you only say that because you do not want to force the black man to change
true ... but sometimes it is ...
come on. think wisely before you try to be so smart.
can we just wait and see and not be so quick to think it a conspiracy
i am sorry we as black people are taught to hate the cops so who do we believe ?
no i do not believe anybody i just think we all should wait for the facts
topical thing people do not want the truth they start putting you down
our hold life as a race because of the failure of the back man
we are t taught to hate cops. isolated incidents and personal experiences make us look at them differently
surplus military gear these start tactics of fear. mental states change
and that is why a lot not all but a lot of these things happen
no it is just shows in the black community there is known one parenting or teaching
everything is wrong with that !!!!! do u hear yourself ?
lynch would be so proud of you kelvin ! u are living proof.
look at the mail box ...
so they can threaten cop that is the only reason be honest
and you are right as all people we need to confront racism but who will confront it
just ask yourself do you even really know this kid
no i just do not follow hype what is wrong with that
for them shooting him that many times. it has nothing to do with race
the fact that the police still have not interviewed the young man that was with mike, is nuts
again you are using your mindset. stop generalizing. we are not you !
you guys make it about race by acting out
maybe we should give them a chance and stop with the race card all the time
you might but more than half do i just do not get why everybody mad over the truth
i believe you meant to say “ whole “ meaning entire and not “ hold. “
police pull up to in mraps & amp ; point sniper rifles at unarmed protestors live 11am-2pm cst
in you see the police state whines about. but he spends his time denigrating citizen protesters.
did not take long for you to get conflicted ...
i will just listen to the audio.
does right wing media like ever make that connection ? no. and why ...
you were calling them looters and rioters just two days ago, chugsy-ugsy.
... because it keeps you are afraid of your fellow citizens and keeps you buying the shit hocks.
you are witnessing the of america. befitting for 2 political systems based on thuggery.
police pull up to in maps & amp ; point sniper rifles at unarmed protesters live 11am-2pm cst
your stream is having some serious lag.
rt : this what they not showing you on the media . these young men cleaning up after the riot
to quote racism is a disease of white people “.
congrats on your tweet !
misinforming the masses to fit the agenda to violate the human rights of these people
i am just read the guys words
that comma is grammatically dangerous. shoulda used quotes.
was famously against you have taken that quote out of context.
if we are playing smart ass then sure why not
returns. whitewashing the riots.
fans i hate typos. obviously the police do not want peace. take it up with them
it vanished this those same guys suffered a fool taunting them as they were cleaning
to quote avenue q “ everyone is a little racist “
i was not talking to you. i was talking to the white guy low
wow ... the did disappear. i had a link to it.
coming from the person who had to google a quote taken out of context hahn
that is fine looking educated men there
i think for the negro to turn to violence would be both impractical and immoral. “
i thought but just in case havana. carry on !
dude in the middle look like you if you cut yo hair
i dare say more than you. i teach a class about him. what do you do ?
surprised they did not get shot whilst taken this pic for looting
you do not know shit about milk then
yet you asked if they were greek signs ? i do not understand what your intent was then.
described violence as impractical and immoral, which is why you never saw the man rioting
listen to this speech. ever heard milk talk like this ? this was right before his murder
i know that. but the.
police blocking cars from entering right now
police blocking cars from entering right now ”
this is freedom : police blocking cars from entering right now ”
police blocking cars from entering right now what is getting ready to happen ?
county police today rt : police blocking cars from entering right now ”
are they also preventing people from leaving ?
police blocking cars from entering right now ” so ferguson is turning into a police state.
there is a name for that. it is called a siege.
the police are out of control, not protesters. : police blocking cars from entering
if they are blocking the streets, why do the protesters have to be on the side walks ?
they are just playing war games now ...
police blocking cars from entering right now is that legal ?
police blocking cars from entering right now "
police blocking cars from entering right now ” how is this possibly constitutional ?
right when we thought things were beginning to cool down , bam !
so intimidation allows ppm to murder ? how about all that intimidation from the st county pd then ?
right when we thought things were beginning to cool down, am ! ”
but is it am they lied or am “ maybe i am on them wrong side of history “
right when we thought things were beginning to cool down, am ! ”
rt right when we thought things were beginning to cool down, am !
this shit that has nothing to do with mike brown ?????
right when we thought things were beginning to cool down ,,,aam
police fire tear gas at protestors for the third night in a row in ferguson , mo .
and athletic ass black folks throw that shit right back.
they have been zero reports of looting since sunday. shut the fuck up with that narrative
you do not have any black friends ? racist !
headline should read police fire teargas at looters who are throwing molotov cocktails at them “
i hope desperately for that to become a reality for all of our makes
this is an incredible shot. should become iconic.
you shut the fuck up and quit lying. and change your stupid name.
go sit behind the anonymity of your display picture and buy into whatever the media tells you.
go make up your mind based on reports that fuel your closet racist mentality.
thank you. i truly appreciate your words. best to you.
uh no. i was thinking more like dusk to dawn except for work related.
i agree. when you resort to this kind of behavior, that will be the consequence.
something more. the police were the ones who fired rubber and wooden pellets into the crowd to disperse
what i figured. paper may want to consider printing up some shirts to sell right quick.
tweeted st. owns copyright. any such use could be infringement ex. obama “ hope “
you might want to get in touch with the post-dispatch. maybe you could work something out.
the picture says it all - time for a mandatory curfew.
know more killing blacks for free ! we are people to.
rt picture from last night worth 1,000 words from
things tend to escalate when someone is willfully being difficult and not willing to look at facts
how can this happen legally ?
there is a riot going ' on “ : h/t
laws are enacted to protect the citizens. firing tear gas at peaceful protesters defeats the purpose.
them at a night time vigil. they were the ones that releases dogs into crowds with children.
if you missed it this amazing image from by the post-dispatch is poy-worthy
hey there is work hey we are keeping runs
not minimizing. just saying that police treating it is citizens not like citizens but occupied people
thank you for your responds.
a crowd that had all rights to be where it was you cunt. look enjoy being blocked.
his photography is amazing. certainly glad he is in we are lucky to have him.
change will happen when struggles are combined !
thats not that was last night.
i do not understand the mentality behind it. totally a worthless cause.
it did. some people do not understand how to argue. most americans respect peaceful assembly.
for the savage cops. i agree.
thank you. this will forever by an iconic picture in black american history.
is there anyway i can get a print of this picture ? do u sell prints ?
you took some amazing tonight. thank you.
now that would make for an interesting night of crime.
has there been any new information ?
your tweet is now featured on my * bump it *
picked the perfect shirt to wear to.
that photo is epic. i hope he wins some awards for it. 👏👏👏👏👏
i think you guys might need to follow the ppm giving 1st hand accounts
that is how you disperse a crowd.
rt police fire tear gas at protesters for the 3rd night in a row in
yes working at a job.
is an incredible photo. you have been damn awesome too, carson.
they invited anarchy into a peaceful protest and looting ensued as a result
and the race card comes out. . somebody must have been losing the argument.
i am just wondering how many of these night protesters work. serious question.
they worked the qt and other shops they looted. they are hurting themselves.
to
police have the streets of looking like occupied palestine.
escalate when u throw fit & amp ; start being disrespectful. just like things escalate protest.
police fire tear gas at pprotestersfor the third night in a row "“
which law are you referring to ? the police are protecting the public from the looters.
are you the photographer who took that picture ?
even before the looting it was a night time vigil which the police is show of force escalated into
police fire tear gas at protesters for the third night in a row in ferguson, mo.
. his newspaper owns the rights and newspapers do not just come up off licenses.
copyright is owned by my employer, the st. louis post-dispatch. even stylized versions are copyright infringement.
police fire tear gas at protesters for the third night in a row ””
oh i did not mean to be antagonizing. i am sorry.
this you took is beautiful
just ask your savage ancestors.
picture from last night worth 1,000 words from ”
how can trust the profiling skills of the chief on a boy he never met but could not pick up
time to end police militarization now !
time to end police militarization now !
he is a puppet being told what to say.
you are a are not you ? strong word for a “ not a psychiatrist “.
time to end police militarization now !
exactly i smell a cover up !
time to end police militarization now !
time to end police militarization now !
interview with mother of victim . the police would not let her id her own son
interview with mother of victim. the police would not let her id her own son ”
the pain in her eyes.
wow. we are becoming an endangered species. smh
this is so sick. this poor woman.
the cop who shot is on paid leave . shoot a black kid , get a paid vacation .
amp is not that cop who was videoed beating up that lady here on desk duty ...
any id on said cop ? seems like that is vital information
the cop who shot is on paid leave. shoot a black kid, get a paid vacation.
that is fucked up ... as is this fucking country ... i gotta get out of here !!!
wish i could speak on this ! read up on this on
that is what happens when you are represented by a union.
i do not think that is how it works
g killed train martin and became a millionaire through fund raising alone ...
police chief thomas jackson : “ i’m not going anywhere , i’m going to stay and see this through .
thanks so much for sharing. just added it to my
cops have changed since i was a kid
more like the army than police.
i feel like we did in 60s, far too easy rider chicago convention again ...
the photo appears 2 show some police from a podunk little town getting to play sylvester stallone.
i trust fireman before i trust the cops
are they less intimidating now ?
and they need to change back. “ : cops have changed since i was a kid ”
thank you for clarifying saying
they are not cops. they are a militia.
a repulsive use of public taxes shame on ferguson, the world is watching you
cops have changed since i was a kid
they are the military in every way one could imagine a military to look like. madness !!!
cops have changed since i was a kid ” no words. 😢
whatever happened to officer friendly ?
cops have changed since i was a kid in the house
i think he was referring to the military vehicles and hardware that they now brandish
and sadly firemen resuscitate not shoot them ... wt happened
what will those cops do when this starts happening to there families ?
wow cops have changed since i was a kid ”
cops have changed since i was a kid have the thugs and how u showed grief
if solders can not police then train our police to be solders
retweet !!! before any cops were called , before anyone knew he was killed ! one of them is his
if that is that needs to come out and spread with the rest of the information
lots of angry mothers here in this morning .
surrounded by stone faced white ppm “ : lots of angry mothers here in this morning. ”
it is on the latest update 24 and 7
the one with the shades looks like he just wants a reason, any reason.
lots of angry mothers here in this morning.
rt lots of angry mothers here in this morning. ”
lots of angry mothers here in this morning. ” where black officers
lots of angry mothers here in this morning. ” their kids are not safe
police department : riot gear ✔️ tear gas ✔️ camouflage ✔️ assault rifles ✔️ armored land mine vehicles ✔️ dashboard
this reminds me of the 68 riots when king was assassinated. lacking the dashboard cameras.
that the police chief said they had them but they were still in the box. priorities !
because nothing says “ like wearing came while waving guns around a suburb.
thanks for the info about dash cams. good to know.
cops were plenty tooled up sunday. the joke stands.
was pretty bad in the 60 is. more of a sense of total tension throughout the south.
you have too many words there, is superfluous, most dept is are similarly ill equipped.
nothing would surprise me at this point.
brains no communication ability = no
i heard they had only 2 cameras for 18 squads.
too according to them
what the hell could pd need a land mine vehicle for ?
congrats on your tweet !
not true. they had dashboard cameras, but the angle did not catch the altercation.
mean well living their life under surveillance would be creepy. i mean just well
wow were you scared ?
i have found secret video of testing of demilitarized us police uniforms
i was at the in chicago, 1968.
pd riot gear tier gas camouflage assault rifles armored land mine vehicles dashboard cameras 🚫 ”
they told us today in local newscast. . 2 dash cams but have not been installed yet.
apparently they have the cameras on their uniforms
you forgot to add black people. check. xo
says it does not it ?
. they have a tank and a sound cannon but no dashboard cameras ??
police department riot gear tier gas camouflage assault rifles armored land mine vehicles dashboard cameras 🚫
has to be unforgettable. did they get home ok ?
all paid for my property taxes is my guess
dashboard cameras are not yet sold by defense contractors.
needs to re tweeted a million times
forgot flash bag grenades and special suits that let them violate the constitution
they still i am the box “
wait wait they do not have dashboard cameras ? is this for real ?
of course dash cams only serve justice, not rage
pd only part of the police presence. multiple depth involved, including well-equipped.
pd has none of those checked items. they all belong to the st. louis county pd.
a furry just got turned on.
even my had a dashboard camera. wot up if dat ?
nothing to hide got some more bridges to sell !
yea i saw some helmet cams, but i doubt they will admit it !
. who needs dash cams when you have body cams ?
seems legit. police department : riot gear tier gas camouflage assault rifles' dashboard cameras 🚫 ”
this remarkable map shows an explosion of tweets about the protests ➡️
here in a red state ... been tweeting about this for days
its shameful how many places in the west do not give a crap about
if gets eta niche/ tonight donald/ donate £10,000. please /rt
seriously. i would have thought denver, at least, would have something.
the west just does not care about anything do they ?
in there was a rally held for and against police brutality
i do not even know where to begin to analyze that dead space.
click on the link it is an interactive. gif
if only those people would get to the polls consistently, tweeting will only marginally improve life
this remarkable map shows an explosion of tweets about the protests ➡️
i would like to see this sort of imaging with other issues also
also interesting when enlarged to a world view
your tweet really makes this page stronger :
interesting how the inter mountain area has virtually ignored it. denver ? boise ? slc ?
if gets eta niche/ tonight donald/ donate £10,000. please /rt
i love this do much !
that is remarkable for sharing
hey we got a big light yellow circle around vegas. i think that is mostly me.
great minds think alike but so do dumbasses ! jesse jackson : there is a '' near u
is wealthy amp ; famous blaming ... they want to be both too, easily.
as a black man and liberal i can not argue with this.
i do not understand how young blacks can idolize jackson when there are great men like
hell lives in and does not care
i would have more confidence in him if he did not get a brewery deal for his family.
and do not forget. is from chicago too
just shared your tweet on my
truth is another we could do without.
never they would have to look inward as well for blame.
no job no real life just chasing race cards around. tje country
rt . : the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
rt. the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in hooray for our police state
thank you for speaking out against this injustice !
the pentagon is now giving military equipment to police departments article
that shit crazy not it ?
those white officers hate us blacks
if he moves wrong shoot him
more startling statistics about the segregated population of , mo .
blacks in could change these statistics, mayor, city council are all elected positions
ferguson’s police force is 94 percent white — and that’s basically normal in the u.s.
how did the white people get elected ? do not use race stats to excuse riots and looting
perfect example of what you get when you do not vote.
trying to make this into a race is not going to help shit
is not the mayor and city council elected ? did not the black electorate elect them ? duh !
voting got us here. its the “ system “ imho.
do not tell me this is affirmative action working in light of the white population being a minority !
come on. you are linking to motherjones now ?
people there better vote for change
have you ever been to a baptist church in the south ? all black or all white.
more startling statistics about the segregated population of, mo.
fertile ground for a revolution - let is watch
when i was in we had a couple of demonstrations in front of our base . we took a less
it goes against the constitution we swore to support and defend
but real talk i was not paid shit to be in iraq.
the mother of the boy killed in speaking to media about the loss of her son .
where can we find the footage at ? any suggestions ?
it is for but do not condemn anyone until the whole story is known
maybe all of these people should hold judgment until the whole story is told
hard making sense of it ... most likely there was no sense in it.
damn i just can not believe this
is a municipality in st. louis county.
guess the cops were protecting and serving the community again. 😞
unarmed teen killed by cops is not the headline but calling black people " angry mob ! " is ,
agreed police chief must go. violence erupts teen pics
has a long history of denying the black people rights, especially the right to be angry.
watch the white trolls come out now
. did you see the report about, esp in the south ? it is damning.
go listen to tao nojusticenopeace “ 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
. you should be able to understand anger blacks have about this needless likely racially motivated police shooting.
pic of masked , sign-carrying member of in dc on aug 14th
of sign-carrying member of in dc on aug 14th ”
of member of in dc on aug 14th
of sign-carrying member of in dc on aug 14th ”
everyone assumes everyone has a gun in america . and they are usually right . that is the problem .
you are an piers.
has not your show been canceled ... enough ?
he said usually not always. you are wrong
but i have not & gt ; rt has not your show been canceled ...?
libs are the ones who want only police to have guns remember ?
his right to speak and tweet has not been canceled. good for you
enjoy your view and cuddle your gun and be happy.
piers got fucking pond “ : hahn piers u got him good ”
we use common sense. try it works. its free and given by god.
shoving someone out of your way that is impeding your progress is an armed aggravated assault ?
oh piers most people do not have a gun in the us
yea there is a cure - get off the pool aid and educate yr self with unbiased sources.
piers u got him good
changes everyone is behavior. changes society. changes policing. door-to-door salesman would not survive !
i do not feel inclined to concern myself with the safety of home invaders.
lots of people lots of guns = lots of dead people
fair can you explain why this happens in the states so regularly then
but every man is for himself including security
he is like herpes ... not visible ... but you know he is there.
. where is the 2nd amendment implication here ?
the foolishness is you not using your mental faculty and assuming reading everything you see is factual.
not sure i understand your question. i would consider it relevant with any society.
that is a discussion too complicated for twitter. lol
pretty much anyone in that does not like black people.
when the instant reaction of everyone is to buy a gun, you know there is a problem
good for piers. your right to speak and tweet has not been canceled ”
do you know the definition of ' usually ' ? hint : it does not mean always
quack u man : “ got him “ ... what are you ... 12 ? ”
where are the right wingers screaming about 2nd amendment rights now ?
do you honestly believe that there is never a justifiable circumstance for using a firearm ?
... then i am armed if i wake up, as opposed to unarmed and terrified.
good for piers. your right to speak and tweet has not been canceled
then define usually because that is an ambiguous and inaccurate term itself.
got him ... what are you ... 12 ?
no problem just a right to bear arms
allowing over 10,000 to die a year through gun violence is lunacy.
the moron rode into the ground & amp ; has not learned his lesson.
imagine if all the citizens of had guns ? what a bloodbath we would have seen !
onward noble steed. i will look forward to your ramblings on the walls of airport bathrooms.
thank you that is quite the compliment. is an inspiration to me.
why is that hypothetical only relevant in the usa ?
speak for yourself. i assume nothing about no one. i simply take reasonable precautions.
if 10,000 people have to die so that 600,000,000 peoples ' right to defend themselves then so be it
people that are racist should not be allowed to own guns.
in your what percent of the people in nyc were carrying ?
i loved in the office and had to explain myself to people. it was fun.
it is my right to have em get over it crybaby.
you mean you built yourself a gated prison including the psychological prison protected by the gun. interesting
i do not have one. so that statement is inaccurate.
yeah. they living in gerbil.
a big ass wall is a lot more expensive.
i do man ... life is good.
you should bring that up on your show, . oh, wait …
i must be a proud liberal not then, eh ?
from the guy so radical that cnn fired him ...
most of the time. you think he is wrong then ? crazy crazy country and people
if the real reason why you think americans own guns is self defense i think you are mistaken.
has not your show been canceled ... enough ? ”
needs to cover this as well.
you cannot violate the rights of 600,000,000 people for 10,000 lunatics, that is lunacy
plenty of us have been “ screaming “ about it, as you put it.
no it is not. he clearly says “ usually “
just a general statement about the entire michael brown tragedy.
and if the person or people robbing you could physically over power you, training is not foolproof.
yep ... looks just like jaywalking :
did not have a gun and that did not matter to the cop who murdered him
i will be on in a few minutes discussing and .
tell them to stop making protesters look like the bad guys thank you
i will be on in a few minutes discussing and. ” ✊
i will be on in a few minutes discussing and. ”
do you also wonder why no celebs have said anything ? lets get a ball rolling.
i will be on in a few minutes discussing and.
i will be on in a few minutes discussing and.
you just had a race riot 4 miles from boeing phantom works.
they will call you a rioter
i will be on in a few minutes discussing and. ”
is there an link for those with no cable ? glad to have you back out and reporting
you all got phantom works security response when you destroyed block
i will be on in a few minutes discussing and. ” watching it
watching from job well done. nice of you to show up finally.
friends , the police are not incompetent . they are building a defense & amp ; know they do not
the defense does not even need to make sense, racist white people will fill in any blanks.
the sad thing from their perspective, this is the system working.
that is what has had me torn up all morning/afternoon ...
they are digging their own graves, shoplifting for $3 at most does not justify killing an armed child
incompetent in some we saw that, but cops know how to handle this part.
not interviewing key eye witnesses tells you basically all you needed to know.
y'all might dig this an impromptu recording of mine from last night & gt ;
after this week they will need to work. nobody is gonna buy their story.
are these cops or soldiers ? experts say police tactics have made tensions worse
these look like the open carry and racist nuts, the buddy and nu gent type.
these cops in are just bullies playing with their high tech military hardware pushed by the nazi dds.
are these cops or soldiers ? experts say police tactics have made tensions worse
looks like if to me.
to compare these sadists 2 soldiers insults soldiers.
rt experts say tactics have made tensions worse
neither cops nor it would appear !
needed experts for that conclusion ?? // : experts say police tactics have made tensions worse
do not try to redeem yourself now, the world knows who keeps the lights on at cnn.
share it if you against police brutality
no one needs an expert to see the fact that the police escalated this situation !
well if up to no good then ur going to get shot.
mt cops or soldiers ? experts say police tactics made tensions worse | no shit
. those who fail to study history are doomed to repeat it.
military tactics in learned from plus investigate ! see 2011 st. louis county pd press
state sen. maria chappelle-nadal : " on sunday , i literally had young people willing to die to get justice
you should rt the vine on time line when she asked during press conference
in what country did this happen ?
sadly the politicians selling out the country are just greasing this slippery slope. kudos they were representing
every day from now on will be let the movement begin please re tweet
glad to see the militarization of police has worked so well.
i can not help but notice that no one with the or has suggested the protesters should carry assault rifles
may be they should. this is exactly the case 2nd amendment was intended for
was not behind that and many of us opposed buddy. but keep assuming we are psychos.
well aware rank and file nra members are not as extreme as the leadership.
or that they have not shown up.
can you imagine the horror ?! black pals carrying guns ?! did suggest guns for protection from rioters.
because those rubber bullets would have been lead ones if anyone demonstrates were armed
my guess is that they would gladly volunteer to harass alongside the cops
i think the main point of the protest is to be unarmed.
agreed. but the point is still valid.
except with buddy and his lunatic supporters confronting federal police ... they do not count though, right ?
why does that make us psychos ? are ns all psychos ? why is fighting back not allowed ?
it is almost like we are not psychos who think people confronting police should do so with weaponry.
just a gun nut who would enjoy a good blood bath
deafening silence from the clive buddy defenders
yup we should be peaceful !
you ... you seem confused. or grasping at straws. either way, i am not interested.
has said that the police abuse is why citizens should be armed.
that is because it contradicts everything the nra has said and done up to this point.
i will be damned ... * scratches head * why is that ???
rest in peace , michael brown . 17 forever .
rt rest in peace, michael brown. 17 forever. ”
what a fine future you would have made for yourself
rest in brown. 17 forever.
rest in michael brown. 17 forever. ”
the white people all have guns but we are the ones who need to be armed.
the mother of , the 17-year-old killed by police today , says her son was about to start at vatterott
very sad story regards to the family !
my friend torey just said all his local news channels have been blacked out too . omg this is why
quit creating problems when you have no idea other than social media propaganda
wow. that is crazy ... the media lies anyway. lol
this . breaks . my . heart .
this what one is looking at when the tea party republican fascists take over this country
very sad no one should be made to feel this way anywhere !
this. breaks. my. heart. ”
this. breaks. my. heart. ”
this. breaks. my. heart.
than hate and oppression and greed
let is hope when they are older they are productive part of society and not robbing people !
gut wrenching. rt this. breaks. my. heart. ”
this. breaks. my. heart.
this. breaks. my. heart. ”
i can not rt that enough times
rt this. breaks. my. heart.
the shooting in highlights why the federal government should be underwriting body cams for all cops rather than military gear
or they could just prosecute them. i know, crazy talk.
exactly. force goes down and complaints go down.
all cops should have cams, tech is there, cheap too.
i agree and rigid procedures used by officers can acerbate issues with pops such as the mentally i will
if you read my previous tweets i said training is needed in these areas.
that has been recommended for decades. still not happening. police in america are out-of-control.
there are good ones and bad ones like any other professions including professors like us.
the vest cameras can help convict thug cop murderers and separate them from those in more volatile situations.
cops in have them but some refuse to use them. they are not disciplined for it either.
b camp w police culture, militarization, impunity, all contribute.
if you read my previous tweets i said there is police brutality that is a simple fact.
true ... it seems everything is a battle ugh !! praying about it
and it also filters out false allegations - which happen. win win.
it is not about mental illness or training, it is about structural racism.
actually jurisdictions are adopting cameras rapidly. the privacy issues, which are legit, are getting worked out
would like to interview you about this. can you email me ?
that is otherwise the technology will always “ malfunction “ when needed the most.
your observation may not be relevant here but there is truth to massive challenge of mentally ill and policing
twit is suspended act. web still up v
they are not social addiction specialists, or mental health counselors
shooting the not the noun.
prosecuting would be very but cameras would stop many before they killed more young black men.
i am in no way condoning police brutality but not all situations are cut and dry
and its against the constitution to militarize the police. i mean not that they abide
police here in get training in all those things and they rarely shoot people. imagine that.
yes they are trained to see all situations in black and white no gray and that is a problem
i know this is not a popular opinion but we ask cops to do too much besides policing
how this is relevant to the multiple shooting of an unarmed black kid escapes me
that is been my whole point the whole time
the police have come into the community with dogs .
because slave catchers have always * had dogs. smh.
sounds like a return to the 1960 is !
the police have come into the community with dogs. ” is that is picture ?
and cops wonder why people try to settle their differences personally more often now
rt the police have come into the community with dogs.
the police have come into the community with dogs. ”
the police have come into the community with dogs. ”
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us .
don really needs to take a seat. he means well but he is not helping the situation.
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us.
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us.
rt the face of black amamericaach time speaks about or to us ...
accurate rt the face of black america each time speaks about or to us
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us. ” magoo
recycling and pulling our pants up should have changed things.
rt the face of black america each time speaks about or to us.
is there a link to the video of this moment
the face of black aamericaeach time speaks about or to us .”
forgive me from laughing but the lady on the right.
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us. ” lmboooo
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us. ”
rt the face of black amamericaach time speaks about or to us ...
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us.
rt the face of black aamericaeach time speaks about or to us .
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us. ”
the face of black ameamericach time speaks about or to us . ..
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us. ” 💀😂😂😂😂
. out of place but i aipappreciates effort ...
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us. ”
the face of black america each time speaks about or to us. ” 😂😂😂
rt the face of black america each time speaks about or to us.
wonder if they thought it would be safer for to be there than a white reporter low
the face of black each time speaks about or to us.
the streets of look a little different tonight . | ap photo
the streets of look a little different tonight. | ap photo
i have to the miniature train caught me a little off-guard ... how things change !
the streets of look a little different tonight. | ap photo ”
b proud this is what i go 2 bed with ! ! family
we will take over now. you are a good boy.
the streets of look a little different tonight. | ap photo ”
the streets of look a little different tonight. | ap photo
looks like war zone low
the streets of are safer now that the cops are gone. go figure.
the streets of look a little different tonight. | ap photo
yessss ! rt : mother/daughter team in . daughter just took bar . will b civil rights atty
hopefully for the poor guy who has to replace his burnt business
good for you to re tweet this, kathy !
i love to see smart women taking the initiative to make things better ...
" he fit the description " means " i can not tell black people apart " means " i never
yes. yes.
your crazy and why out country still has racism and should be ashamed to call yourself an american
on some tiananmen shit . rt : military-style police : 3 apcs , ~ 100 officers , high-powered rifles
this is what i was comparing it to in my head last night.
peaceful protesters fired on by police ...
grenades and rubber bullets appears to be being used against the peaceful crowd …
seems i am observing a lead acoustic weapon mounted on the right hand armored personnel carrier
this was my exact thought when i saw this picture.
. this. this is what the police reaction reminds me of.
on some shit. rt : military-style police : 3 pcs, ~ 100 officers, high-powered rifles
has been deployed riot starting ...
police have moved tank and repositioned to face protesters on sidewalk across the street .
when facing regular it is a tank
police have moved tank and re positioned to face protesters on sidewalk across the street.
seriously why are you letting this escalate to this level ?
this is a tank. see the difference ! just in case u ever go to a real
rt police have moved tank and re positioned to face protesters across the street.
... yeah it is a suv for oppressing minorities ... your a reporter, get your facts straight.
notice the machine gun in the cops hands. who do they think they are at war with ?
how many protesters are there ?
you need to tank “ genius.
cops warn the crowd . the photog is gas mask comes out . someone is chanting " gaza strip .
whoever is chanting strip “ has no fucking idea what they are talking about
version of the strip.
the whole world is watching.
i was hoping everyone would come with mask tonight.
she gets it . why can not everyone else ?
she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ” on point.
she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ””
rt she gets it. why can not everyone else ?
she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ”
game. set. match. she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ”
no. rt she gets it. why can not everyone else ?
she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ””
damn. she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ”
congrats on your tweet !
that is all i am saying. ppl just want equality to be equal
a racist statement from a misinformed man, how sad.
she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ” lord have mercy !
what can fix that besides removing those in power
she gets it. why can not everyone else ?
this is only the tip of the racist inequality gap.
beautifully said and i white person) agree with every word. thank you for sharing.
us and not police or government
well i do appreciate the sentiment.
she gets it . .y.hywhynt everyone else ? ”
correct rt she gets it. why can not everyone else ?
rt she gets it. why can not everyone else ? ” exactly !!
congrats on your tweet !
breaking : both lanes of w florissant ave blocked again , crowd chanting " they say get back , we
i am passing on info .... not judging ... calm down dude.
thank you and i will try .... i hate to see my city torn this way.
see those chants don’t help the situation at all. that’s my issue as well.
thanks for the lecture with your assumptions as well.
your issue how many times has the cops killed your loved ones ? i am guessing none !
no dog in the fight ? so killing unarmed teens in the us do not piss you off ?
or discredit the validity of the protest.
until they get gassed and then say police were wrong for that ... sh
this issue hits a personal nerve with me sorry
so if the do not like it they should just shut up and take it ?
i just want the media to stop making st. louis look like such an awful place.
i’m not lecturing at all. in fact i said “ in my opinion ” …
because there is a curse in it ? i am assuming.
but you speak the truth …
the solution . my thoughts … rt !
do good contact email before i have to ask the rabbi for a favor, hahn !
if a cop stands by and watches another cop violate someone there is no “ good “ cop ...
the solution. my thoughts … rt ! ” read this, its amazing !
the solution. my thoughts … rt ! “
is anybody watching dis shit a robbery ft who they on come up wit next
the solution. my thoughts rt !
agree the mentality must change first -- sgt ; : the solution. my thoughts … rt !
the solution. my thoughts … rt ! ”
wow . turkish pro-gov newspaper claims us media totally ignored , news blackout etc ..
wow. newspaper claims us media totally ignored, news blackout etc.
i swear i saw penguins on neither last night. counts ?
newspaper has a good point !
they are correct. media came in days later
that is what wrongly claimed from the first day as well ... incredible. but works.
did they write also how differently us government and president reacted to the tragedy ? i think no ...
they are having a field day
it is in the us, cnn was airing a documentary about penguins.
wow. how are turk reading us/uk btw ?
maybe they watch fox news ?
police name the officer who shot . he is darren wilson
rt police name the officer who shot. he is darren wilson ”
transparency i can dig it.
police name the officer who shot. he is darren wilson ”
police name the officer who shot. he is darren wilson ”
way to . rt : police name the officer who shot. he is darren wilson
end police brutality sign at memorial in
rt end police brutality sign at memorial in
that is just gonna aggravate the cops. why would you go and do that ?
end police brutality sign at memorial in
this is not the beautiful “
" being a poor , black american makes you vulnerable ; living in a poor , black area renders you
excellent column. i highly recommend u read
rt what happened in does not contradict america is racial narrative. it illustrates it. “
on the nail as ever gary. you help to keep me (approximately) sane !
a hop song actually about police brutality ply listen, share
witness : " he threw his hands up and they shot him . the boy fell and they shot him
yep. that is exactly what they are using this time for.
he cried. please please do not shoot me “
he is just a kid. just about to start college. god, my heart hurts.
is on the web now.
do they ever justify the wrong ones ?
pure color of skin the one who shot must be ass faced but pink ?
actually can not wait to hear the crap they will use to justify that. awful.
it will be amazing how they justify this tomorrow
i have no words. my chest is heavy.
this is heartbreaking. it is not justice !!
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ?
rt how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ?
before we hang the cops do we any facts on this ?
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ? ”
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ?
this. rt how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ? ”
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ? ”
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ? ”
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ? ”
there would be more if they were armed. we need to get rid of cops or something
sad story. but it will probably end with a cop getting “ leave with pay. “ smh
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ?
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ?
how many unarmed black teenagers will be killed in america ? ”
open season on black males by the usa police officers.
follow and find out how many black men convicted under enterprise for crimes they did not commit
he was an outstanding child ! they can not keep killing our kids !
i have said it before and i am saying it again ... who are they really afraid of again ??
what are the people going to do ?
this is what happens when obama cuts on military spending.
cops do not need to run, they just shoot.
do not live in ? call the police station leave chief tom jackson a message 314-522-3100 ext or tweet
call we all live in
that is epic power in numbers ! stand up !
slow parade of cars and walkers leaving tonight . peacefully . ✌️
hope they keep up the peaceful protest for as long as it takes
clearly used the correct approach against the goodies
slow parade of cars and walkers leaving tonight. peacefully. ✌️ ” this is great
slow parade of cars and walkers leaving tonight. peacefully. ✌️ ”
huge improvement over yesterday is and the day before is actions.
peaceful for whom there is no peace until there is justice.
slow parade of cars and walkers leaving tonight. peacefully. ✌️ “
how did it go from peaceful to tear gas, and someone is shot, possibly killed ?
so why all the excessive show of force by the ferguson pd ? unacceptable ...
pd justice is not here right now “. what happens when you demand justice ?
and leaders are making a change to the community all will be proud of.
all the good stuff must be looted by now. why stick around.
you have done an amazing job reporting what is happening in. thank you.
1. slow parade of cars and walkers leaving tonight. peacefully. ✌️ ”
slow parade of cars and walkers leaving tonight .pppeacefully.✌️
slow parade of cars and walkers leaving tonight. peacefully. ✌️ ”
" what happened in does not contradict america is racial narrative . it illustrates it . "
what happened in does not contradict america is racial narrative. it illustrates it. “
brilliant mt does not contradict america is racial narrative. it illustrates it “ ”
must read what happened in does not contradict america is racial narrative. it illustrates it.
interesting piece from what happened in illustrates america is racial narrative. “ ”
remember the chief of police said that they covered the body and sealed the crime scene right away . lying
where is the video of them taking him away in the suv ?
the murderer will walk. in !
we are releasing that tomorrow.
yes he definitely lies. after seeing the latest video
clearly a surprising lie again ? thats a first for
who is in ferguson ? who can livestream ? who can tweet ? the world needs to know what is
do not provoke promote peace.
where good opening up airwaves ports low routers should b free wife with the news there low
check my time line. we have had eyes on the ground the whole time
heading to the police station now
it is amp battle. unlimited data plans are not common in
show the whole story then. show the looting and property destruction, not just the cops.
has been posting tons of pics and video.
show the people volunteering to clean up the damage. show the people calling for peace.
is in reporting.
we are legion we are the power
and a few others are actively tweeting when they can.
rt : officer darren wilson standing over mike brown is body after shooting him 9 times
it is called. get it right kid
wish there were a better picture of the shooter
hi has there been documents released mike brown was shot 9 times ? ty
his pants are down because he tried to flee on foot wearing baggy shorts without a belt
did he rape him too why are his pants down
i thought he was standing there with his hands up
oh that picture is horrible. can not stand it.
that cop does not look too ashamed of himself to me
one way or the truth is going to come out ...
check the socks and shoes they are different that the surveillance.
. looking utterly devastated. “ this the kind of protect & amp ; serve you breed ?
that was pointed out at an earlier presser.
those do not look like the clothes in the robbery video ?
you guys are very may god bless you.
rt officer standing over mike brown is body after shooting him 9 times
police department release first official statement on shooting of mike brown
police department justice is not here right now “
rt police department release first official statement on shooting of mike brown.
really only then do not hold your breath on that one.
police department release first official statement on shooting of mike brown ” bullshit
reads like a thank you note to the police and city officials.
police department release first official statement on shooting of mike brown
all over black applicants to use as tokens
what exactly can they say. they shot an unarmed child ten times for no reason.
arrest the cop who murdered that kid, then maybe the city will settle down.
children here in
children here in “ -bless them young beautiful ladies, in so proud !
children here in “ wow ...
she was at the police chief is interview
children here in ” 💖
this is internationally cool. i am so proud of
the babies i love this.
glad they are not gassing the kids
any truth to state senator that was gassed being taken into police custody ?
children here in ”
photos : new yorkers write their thoughts in peaceful protest : ( victor mirontschuk )
this : myers write thoughts in peaceful protest : (victor mirontschuk) ”
this is where you want to make a difference so there will be no threat- spread kindness everywhere !
police refuse to say who killed michael brown , but release looting suspects ' names , ages , & amp
this is a long read but rewards attention from half-way onward.
cops are trained 2 be above the law, & amp ; 2 b cowards
publish the name of every single officer then.
can not the press find out who the cop is ? its 2014.
good. till every one of them is a killer and will be treated as such.
i like how you equate the public with the lawless.
because no death threats against looters ?
seems more like 1984 style.
reach rt someone please remind me what year it is again ?
yeah some bullshit my family lives in florrisant
tears streaming down my face as i watch little kids stepping and chanting " justice for " with rifles trained
little kids should not be on the streets in front of cops. punto.
indeed. that was a beautiful moment in history.
and police should never have guns pointed at kids !
photos : americans across the country hold vigil for michael brown
across the country hold vigil for michael brown ”
this is what happens when u try2 cloud truth w. cigars-a national movement against injusticeofanykind
those black chuck are mine ! represent !
maybe i should rob someone to get a vigil
they seem to have drawn a preemptive conclusion.
great news nothing going on where i live. i would b there if i could
i love this beautiful picture of solidarity !
rt across the country hold vigil for michael brown
on a street in : big wooden pellets & amp ; aftermath , weapons used against peaceful protesters
that is better than bullets !
lawsuits by the thousands from those in ferguson who were injured by police
. knows cops are taught & amp ; encouraged to lie cop is 2009 bloody lie
on a street in big wooden pellets & amp ; aftermath, weapons used against peaceful protesters
peaceful protesting does not seem effective enough.
peaceful rioting and setting dumpers on fire is not peaceful
looks like the police department has a problem. they need to make a change.
big wooden pellets & amp ; aftermath, weapons used against peaceful protesters ”
the police department thinks it is a joke
looking at and feeling anger , then helplessness , then more anger . they are not even pretending to acknowledge
this is what the police ----- in ferguson missouri are wearing photos
between now robin williams, i have trouble getting out of bed sometimes
. the police behavior is unacceptable, as well as unhelpful and unsafe.
i feel the same way.
realist picture you will see today ..
realist picture you will see today. ”
congrats on your tweet !
tells that knows what it means to be shot for your ethnicity
realist picture you will see today ...
realist picture you will see today. ” conspiracy.
congrats on your tweet !
realist picture you will see today. ” wake up people !
realist picture you will see today. ” deep.
realist picture you will see today. ”
realist picture you will see today. ”
just missing the camera man asking him to shoot
realist picture you will see today. ” accurate ”
realist picture you will see today. ”
real shit : realist picture you will see today. ””
so but true ... “ : realist picture you will see today. “
rt realist u will see today.
thank you sister look at this beautiful thing please (see next tweet)
realist picture you will see today. ”
realist picture you will see today.
realist picture you will see today. how this world got
appreciate your tweets. i will make sure i stand with you guys.
via realist picture you will see around the world. ”
realist picture you will see today. ” noah.
realist picture you will see today. ”
realist picture you will see today. ” crazy
realist picture you will see today.
i think it is my only option is to stand with u guys when u r treated so unfairly
realist picture you will see today. ”
realist picture you will see today. ” deep af.
realist picture you will see today. ”
released radio runs of murder in . cops call 4 backup , not ems :
released radio runs of murder in. cops call 4 backup, not ems :
just another day in
the information evolving just gets more and more heinous
these pro-israel protesters with rifles in atl werent ever approached by cops . it helps to be white
everyone should arm themselves if they are wise
these protesters with rifles in at were not ever approached by cops. it helps to be white
it also helps to be armed.
it helps to me armed and in a group.
reason is simple monk. the topic in ferguson is another
more at not all of them are evidence of cowardly intimidation tactics
; racist hypocrite
thats interesting do you have more on that ? the protesters above were most definitely fools
imagine if these were americans or arabs marching for ethnic supremacy while armed with assault weapons
is bitch. of course they can protest for israel with peace.
. is not handling the shooting investigation in . we encourage anyone with information to contact .
except for the other us “. thanks for killing us !
serious answer they are way too busy for that shit in the city.
congrats to on wiping their hands of. not their problem ! blame l. which exists ??
the one single voice of reason on the thread.
is v hard 2 make the cover up a success
. is not handling the shooting investigation in. we encourage anyone with information to contact.
corrupt both
who was the police officer who shot & amp ; killed ?
this is being posted now ???!!! wow.
blocked for pro apartheid sentiment. also, feel free to eat shit straight from my asshole.
the fact that while we have been focused on another black man was killed by cops in la and it
because nothing says barely made it like the headlining story on the huffing ton post.
because he was physically imposing and this is not a common phenomenon. no ones angry enough.
another unarmed black man. unarmed. unarmed. unarmed.
i think because la cops killing folks is protocol
i assume you have seen this piece ?
unarmed white south salt lake man shot by police posted via #
proof that if we do not fight for us, no one will.
georgia rep. hank johnson proposed legislation on thursday aimed at demilitarizing domestic police forces .
proud 2 b in is 4th district ! amazing reps
at something good comes from georgia
gonna be mad if we try to take their toys away
more legislation for them to stall and never look at !
police id officer who shot and killed as darren wilson .
shit just got real for him low
rt police id officer who shot and killed as darren wilson.
police id officer who shot and killed as darren wilson.
police id officer who shot and killed as darren wilson. ” 🔫🔫
police id officer who shot and killed as darren wilson. ”
rt police id officer who shot and killed as darren wilson. ”
9 powerful photos that show is pretty much being treated like a war zone
for sharing this. i h8 this kind of bullshit.
look what is written on the mailbox.
maybe because they are looting and rioting ? stupid much ?
then burned to the ground ?
st is highly segregated with old issues that no amount if rioting and looting will fix.
9 powerful photos that show is pretty much being treated like a war zone
this way they try to justify their military tactics.
please follow me fly 💕 .
another day , another shooting of an unarmed black teenager in america by authority figures .
another another shooting of an unarmed black teenager in america by authority figures.
and it just keeps happening over time
when are we going to take a stand and no longer accept these types of injustices ?
police are supposed to protect and help citizens. not kill innocent people. what the hell ?!
what happened now this world is loosing it is damn mind !!!
it is really sad because it happens all the time
change is coming ... it has to
i am so tired. so tired of all of it.
breaks my heart that any child dies. there needs to be some major reform asap !!!
just sad. really feels like warfare against our youth.
i asked pd about charges that ppl were tear gassed on their porches . said " we were too .
did not they have gas masks though ?
is their chief of police ?
. . video of pd tear gassing people w/ their hands up in their own backyard
but the people were not “ firing “ gas at them.
rt : day 2 of making bag lunches for protesters & amp ; volunteers .
someone has to cook some potato salads to feed the protesters
wow keep up the good work !!
what about a kick starter campaign to raise funds in order to sustain this revolution ?
people marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy .
people marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-yr-old boy. ”
people marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy.
what is the plan when they get there ?! ... any word ?!
if i were there i would march right with them.
what can out of owners do to support ?
i know gonna jump right on this 1
people marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy.
people marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17yearold boy. ”
ppm marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy. ”
people marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy.
rt ppm marching to the police dept headquarters following the killing of a 17-year-old boy.
whole police force needs to be placed on administrative leave without pay.
it is not a real march until the marchers are armed ...
are there any good news resources to follow what is happening ?
harvard students stand in solidarity with & amp ; the community .
we stand in solidarity with n the community ! peace no war !
students stand in solidarity with & amp ; the community.
sad to see only people of color in that photo
man in flag shirt , holding a bag of chips , throws flaming can of tear gas back at police
. different same struggle. this is graffiti from downtown cairo
thanks for the correction ... fungus
that is some balling ass shit to do
someone gets that man a shield, he is the new captain america
he is throwing stuff at cops because cops keep killing black people sarah it is funny right ?
this picture will be in history books
a real freedom loving
i am so in love with this picture man, it definitely should.
favorite this now : in the next week , we will hear about every transgression has ever had since soiling
exactly. and was going to take his girl out tonight.
they will talk about how large and strong he was too. so scary and dangerous ...
they are going to soil his memory. smh
sister. you know it is coming in 3 ... 2 ... 1
look to seeing you at the ”
and how those transgressions were reflective of his culture (read : blackness) .
bad kid that was supposed to start college next week.
confident the fact checker is already hard at work at sled.
yes. they will trash his entire life in an effort to justify his murder.
anonymous hacking group threatens police in wake of shooting " via
they threatened to cause financial trouble for bad cops in the l.a.p.d. , but nothing came of it
do you think the aftermath would have been this dramatic and broadcast if a black cop did that ?
not trying to cause an argument, just exposing how division is hyped up to prevent unity.
. you will have the blood of innocents on your hands when you do.
can you hack the autopsy results ?!?!?
my most heartfelt gratitude for all that you are doing.
because too many of anonymous are just fanning flames. they have posted fake pics to incite.
all i know right now is america is fucked up😡😆
first you are talking about a complete different story 😂 iunjusttired of cops killing kids
they left him on the floor dead for hours i do not think that will matter
protector like if superman killed an innocent person
that is understandable. law enforcement is going 2 get worse w/ greater protection 2 entry chips
and you be careful and safe !
go on and type in anonymous and you will know
it probably was not properly advertised or did not make a huge impact on the community
if this is not some importers, they need to put up or shut up.
i swear if this cop gets away with this in moving to fucking canada or london 😒
look up there history and you will know is no joke 😏
looking forward to continued constructive dialogue, but now i am going to & amp ; stuff
after 10+ minutes , chief jackson abruptly ends press conference while questions still being yelled at him .
it was a bit hasty. that presser did not go well.
how do you do a 10 minute press conference after an officer killed an unarmed kid
he needs to dust of that resume cause clearly he will be looking for another job.
when you are black & amp ; the victim of a crime , people will dig up something you did
can not justify kid had no weapons ! smh ! crazy !
welcome to would have u believe there is an only thing i see is white privilege
police are using military weapons to occupy , missouri :
photo police are using military weapons to occupy : ()
what police are using military weapons to occupy, missouri : ”
did ppm think would happen if their rioting and looting in ?
police are using military weapons to occupy, missouri :
too bad slate does not seem interested in honest reporting. that would be nice.
rt police are using military weapons to occupy, missouri : ”
guns in this picture. take a closer look. 👎
so much for the posse cogitates act ...
call them what they not police. stasi.
i used to think the term american police state was used way too loosely ...
those are policed they look like commandos. at least they can protect themselves. shameful.
local police were probably nat'l guard probably called in .....
police are using military weapons to occupy, missouri : ”
police are using military weapons to occupy, missouri :
peaceful youth demonstration at greater st. mark church
even more than demand. you deserve justice, young man. and so does mr. brown.
officer ran up and i told him i was lost ... did not care . he cursed me out and
. humans should not do this to humans. it is wrong. this sucks.
he is the bitch for pulling out his gun, not you.
people are now matching to the police dept headquarters .
rt people are now matching to the police dept headquarters. ”
rt people are now marching to the police dept headquarters. ”
i am scared for these people. they will use law enforcement to try to kill them all.
people are now matching to the police dept headquarters.
may god be with each and everyone of them blessed in the name of justice. right on ~
people are now matching to the police dept headquarters. ”
good rt people are now matching to the police dept headquarters.
people are now matching to the police dept headquarters. ”
this is a photo i took at the vigil . just wanted to offer a different perspective .
sorry for the typo ... i have not read into the situation fully ...
no reports about any weapons on the victim (none) no autopsy report. nothing.
my feedback is that the police know that officer screwed up big time.
the burning and looting does nothing for the pursuit of justice. just criminals looking for an excuse
they have not even interviewed any eye witnesses to the shooting. it happened in broad daylight
this is a very powerful picture, i applaud the city for peacefully holding up against the armed
the police. have not had any press conferences nor released any details about the incident in 5 days
. may i please have your feedback on this ? thx
thank you for posting the photo. controlling the narrative with documentation is vital.
this is a photo i took at the vigil. just wanted to offer a different perspective.
i will effort to get up to speed on the details ... objectively.
i instantly broke down crying and scared for my own life . these officers do not care about me ...
what are the people going to do ?
protestors outside police dept now
the shoot first ask questions later ferguson police dept.
peace dear brother. get that spiritual food this morning and tune in to live
protesters outside police dept now ” u.s police killing black kids must stop.
there not going to stop until they are made to stop ....
going on i have sorta been in a vacuum lately
: terrifying result of police militarization on display in , mo
terrifying result of police militarization on display in, mo ”
terrifying result of days of mob/thug violence on display in, mo
it is just the beginning bill ...
. thank you for linking that video. police need to recognize that militarizing provokes ongoing righteous anger.
pentagon did not have boots on the ground in ferguson, but it did have wheels on the street
rt terrifying result of police militarization on display in, mo
or lack decent education about a more peaceful form of response to public anger.
terrifying result of police militarization on display in, mo
wow powerful video. shameless action by police.
the events in missouri remind us how and why america is police became so militarised
are you a govt agent ?
the events in remind us how and why america is policed became so militarized
did say they were going to fly a flag over the white house ?
eastern university professor cited as source in this story.
terrorists murder more people every day than km flux klein has in the last 50 years
reminds me of is ' national volksarmee ' that was shooting at it is own people
go all the way back to the beginning of each religion cherry-picker.
get educated fool why we are afraid, a 1400 year secret
so everyone killed by is not killed by a christian ? ore
or white extremist - those guys are more likely to kill me than a muslim.
if i were i would be spreading lies instead of truth and blaming christians
and your opinion has what to do with why the police have been militarized ? wake up fool
gt the great nation it was before post destroyed it- guess it is ok hate christians
in you all over the board here. are we taking historically or recent ?
more killed by each year than in all 350 years of the spanish inquisition combined.
hear leaders in speaking when they think they are not being recorded here -
i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice .
is mama. rt i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice.
mama rt i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice.
i love her amp ; you
sis * blushes * “ : i love her & amp ; you ”
auntie rt i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice.
i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice.
rt rt i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice.
love you i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice. ”
rt i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice. ”
...
i grew up 10 minutes from - praying for peace and justice. ”
ms. i love me some you.
and they call terrorists ?
you say i say truth seeker. only time will tell. . .
your throwing accusations with no proof. you are just another race batter like al sharp ton !
why not let the investigation take place instead of throwing false accusations ?
my apology ... terrorist the shit out of it ! lol
your whole comment was an assumption !
a quick question are there more suicides or murders in america each year ?
terrorist exist because regime are professional agitators. worse race baiting ever !!!
as to the looting while i can not condone it i do understand the frustration behind it.
oh please settled case law. ever heard of hip ?
hundreds of kids die in chicago and nobody says shit !
. and now we see the .... i prefer cracker !
the biggest issue stupid - is not innocent shop owners !
looks to me that the black community plays the victim card when it sets them.
owners take shooting lessons for a reason. accuracy & amp ; defense, period !
how long have you been a feminist apologist ?
no just they are the american taliban.
if the pd had proof of a clean shoot why not present that proof ?
who let the dogs out !?? “
is the race batter sharp ton in chicago raising hell ? not even a peep from him !
someone that throws allegations in a case like this is a race batter !
tell me exactly how long have you been black ?
where is your two faced concern about that ?
you have proof of an execution ? no you do not just bs left wing rhetoric
i find it amazing what excuse/circumstances “ losers “ will use 2 justify their unlawful actions.
far from being an apologist.
last night in started with joyous hymns & amp ; calls for peace . it ended with another police shooting
the men in ski masks pulled guns on cops, right ?
this is heartbreaking to read.
will get fixed. in meantime here is the link
last night in started w/ calls for but ended w/ another shooting : ”
the link to the post dispatch story in your story is broken
black teenage boys are not men . they are children . stop referring to a 17 year old as a
17 year old can be prosecuted as adults, regardless of color. sorry, but try again.
the response of a leftist tower. it is just like stuttering w/ u ppm.
soon wonderfully said thank you for your tweet ! i am rung !
same thing when was killed by the wanna-be cop. 17yrs old teen is a man to them.
goes back to is “ how old is 15 really ? “ bit
yeah that tweet was written before that was clarified. sentiment still holds. thanks.
such talk from a ) . senseless, so u r blocked
we have to take action to stop this insanity.
he damn sure not a child
when people can not handle your content ..... attack your character !
when people can not handle your content ..... attack your character ! ”
when people can not handle your content ..... attack your character !
when people can not handle your content ..... attack your character ! ” so true !
rt when people can not handle your content ..... attack your character ! ”
when people can not handle your content ..... attack your character ! ”
ad nominee attacks are used by politicians and certain personalities too often.
the first step in a cover up is to discredit the victim
when is the last time a white kid was unjustly killed by law enforcement ? just spread the word
they would have been shot sooner or later
left the south shit stain i have been to st manymanymany times in my life
unarmed white guy beaten to death by cops. cops get away with it in court. example
i guess so. ill follow the government from here. lmao good luck to you fucks.
because ... y'all actually get justice ” thank youuuu 🙌
white kids are not running around in gangs shooting up the city like niggers are.
congrats on your tweet !
what makes me extra said is another young life gone.
your example did not fit my criteria, and you are repeating untruths does not make them true.
unarmed white male in beaten to death by cops for 15 min : you serious ?
let’s be real now that bottom right one was ignorant on both sides.
i do not believe all these people did absolutely nothing wrong
should stop race this is the not just a white guy killing a black kid
just spread the word ” y'all forgot my cousin tyree. tazed to death by police.
because ... y'all actually get justice
when is the last time a white kid was unjustly killed by law enforcement ? just spread the word
fat crooked teeth cracker jack ass
i hate but found their article
oh bullshit. you jumped in without fully comprehending my original statement. i agree embarrassing.
slight correction on he did turn down his music
2013 in antonio.
white unarmed teenager killed by two gunshot wounds on iowa st university campus : shall we keep going ?
: statement from lawyers for michael brown is parents
mt statement from lawyers for michael brown is parents ”
statement from lawyers for michael brown is parents
funny how everything the kid did was ' alleged ' yet nothing the police did was.
surprise he was a thief who just committed a robbery !
. statement from lawyers for michael brown is parents
the family wants pictures of the killer shared. surely that request can be accommodated ?
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
, mo ., police identify darren wilson as the officer who killed michael brown last week .
better to say accuses so-and-so of doing something than to say so-and-so allegedly did something
you guys reported 18 days ago yesterday.
. i knew it was him all along ! well, it is been fun.
no medals for then.
video footage of my arrest , staffers , and michael powers protest and arrests 8-13-14 :
yes same charges. stayed until bonded out
that is soon nuts smh
crazy looks like an unlawful arrest to me ! proud of everyone of you especially, my daughter
thank you for this man really !
video footage of my staffers, and michael powers protest and arrests 8-13-14 :
this is not a riot story . my latest , on why the " hands up/do not shoot " protest
would be nice if it was going that way.
good article. sad some do not see your analysis as important
thanks for this. good piece. stay safe out there.
because at the end of the day, who fucking cares ?
you just called your own report “ important “ ... check your privilege, son
you have become desensitized or you truly lack empathy ? now i am intrigued.
this is how the boy died ! with his hands up in the air ! “
way to derail unfortunately you do not show up to those rallies.
yea yea keep that smiley face. i still think you are a sociopath low
the underlying issue is that they own almost nothing in their own community. +
st county not releasing the autopsy results. wow
that is not their neighborhood “ any more than your local starbucks is yours.
bill of rights are essentially the same thing tho.
but the black on black homicides in chicago. those dead do not count ?
why do not they reach for officers gun.
its appears to be more of war zone than you think.
so it is listed in both. lol look at us finding some common ground
excellent piece. good reporting. thank you.
it is a riot story if you own a business in the area.
highway patrol helps restore calm in
now realize a well diverse police department is not only necessary but a must.
highway patrol helps restore calm in ”
highway patrol helps restore calm in
highway patrol helps restore calm in ” do not trust dat night, trojan horse
highway patrol helps restore calm in
ticker to buy etc pt (lisbon) the best investment you can make
not progress but a start.
in last 5-10 former israeli soldier explains how israel trains us police to suppress
is police force is. some are really sick.
highway patrol helps restore calm in ”
highway patrol helps restore calm in ” am i liking this
no more free beer and tv is !!
a can definitely say a thousand words
highway patrol helps restore calm in “. colour of overseers [officers] ?
highway patrol helps restore calm in ” dressed in blue ; defenders of peace.
white cnn host complains that pd does not reflect city is racial diversity . cnn is line up does not
the of cnn
why are you watching the clinton news network anyway ?
i thought that sitcom got canceled .... & lt ; @ sgt ;
powerful , disturbing advice from the humans in to the humans in on how to deal with military/police .
disturbing advice from the humans in to the humans in on how to deal with military/police.
police have blocked us from getting to the protestors . full riot gear .
be safe
how the can they do this ? did declare martial law ? has to be illegal.
let me know if they come by i will bring dessert. you know i stockpile, low
we have a car but we parked to get closer. can not get pass the cops ...
if you would like to get dinner at your break let me know
please stay safe. i have no trust in our hyper militarized police force.
police have blocked us from getting to the protesters. full riot gear.
want would provoke policemen to shoot unarmed citizens ?
they are forcing the crowd to either head to can field green or walk down w. florissant.
so americans think excessive police presence in was too much how do you stop hooligans from looting ? ice cream
that is movie stuff. i believe cops are trained to do whatever is necessary after extreme action
they long for the good old days when barney and andy showed up and offered coffee and butterfingers
while crooks show up with ak47 is and full body armor
singing my lord ... every one knows that !
does it matter to you if michael brown was killed with hands in the air ?
i am thankful for cops who keep us safe. not ones who shoot unarmed citizens.
two thumbs up for that comment. i have been seeing way too many police conspiracy theorist comments.
same story as always. want to jump to conclusions to justify their own inability to ...
control hate. been pulled over & amp ; questioned many times, never been shot.
in lefty land they rioted and looted because police, so answer is no police .... i guess
if that it will ruin it for future legitimate cases of injustice.
unprofessional law enforcement creates a demand for looting and violence
residents and business owners using their rights, that is how !
big boxes of hope and change ...
investigating justifies additional criminal acts/savage behavior 3)facts of case still unknown
their job is not to calm or babysit it is to protect innocent from criminals.
the police are the animals. most police are good but ferguson is a different story.
yes details are important. its important to look at the psychology not just the facts.
eye witness stories just on the news contradict others only the facts will tell
protestors have blocked west florissant , a major street in st. louis county .
have blocked west a major street in st. louis county.
time 4 a revolution fun white devil cops ...
protesting demonstrate however voting is power !
heart heavy here. home ground.
death in just one of many cases of police killing unarmed black people . what the data shows :
death in just one of many cases of police killing unarmed black people. what the data shows :
black suspects and stops linked to unarmed is : & amp ;
you mean criminal niggers quit defending the whu-ha-ha people, idiot.
calling the neighbors a mob = dehumanizing a community to justify all future wrongdoing .
calling the neighbors a mob = dehumanizing a community to justify all future wrongdoing. ”
that is the narrative to keep blacks as either inhuman or lower form of humanity.
calling the neighbors a mob = dehumanizing a community to justify all future wrongdoing. ”
when you light shit on fire and threaten to kill police ... you are part of a mob.
children of color lives have no worth in the eyes of those called to serve and protect them.
" if you retweet or screenshot . just spread the word we need "
there is not enough outrage at any of these senseless crimes.
the government takes to long ... the families deserve answers.
these r just the one is that media let get on gangster
put a face to these children, then they become real
there us no such thing as a human species there is only color
on the but devil on the inside !
this is making me physically ill to see the police abuse running amok
. unconscionable. my heart breaks. and my rage is real !
we need in our hearts to learn to live in love
i am so sad at this very moment. staying strong together.
the revolution may not be televised , but it is being broadcast live on social media ... and we are
you change systemic problems by voting in a democracy the little gestures lead to solutions
an elected district attorney that will not let officer plea and judges who hand out stricter sentences
we do not vote for police but we can influence the municipal culture in which they operate
mayors also set the tone for police policy county commissioners appoint human relation councils.
and this is why they want to take control of the net
time for a stand to be made
what are the people going to do ?
i know. they did not bank on that ....
when comes together as one in the face of adversity .
when comes together as one in the face of adversity.
this is not okay .
this happens so may'be new laws or prosecution of police officers for incompetence, may help.
so sad for i am outraged right now at the shooter
" hands up ! do not shoot ! "
it does not suggest anything. nothing is happening there. you choose to see it that way.
now you are stirring the pot. this does not help.
who do you think watches these vines ? not the people at the demonstration. nice attitude.
hands up do not shoot ! “
now do you see what i mean, french ? rt “ : fuck “ others “ ”
i know nothing is happening. others may not.
how so what crime is being committed ?
and still we can find some light in this situation. i love it.
police are demanding protesters disperse . " this is not up for discussion . return to your vehicles . return
. the really need to take their own advice
does do consider these threats of arrest legal ? or are they threat to violate civil rights ?
but would not that violate their first amendment rights ?
a couple of them !
can a city grounded and sent to the rooms ?
the death of mike brown was live tweeted via
oh my god the death of mike brown was live tweeted via ”
god. rt the death of mike brown was live tweeted via
damn that is crazy rt : the death of mike brown was live tweeted via ” sh
death of mike brown was live tweeted via cc :
wow. real time witness. rt the death of mike brown was live tweeted via
this is crazy rt “ : the death of mike brown was live tweeted via “
unless elaborate huge. journalist live-tweeted ferguson shooting h/t
wow. rt the death of mike brown was live tweeted via
damn that is crazy rt : the death of mike brown was live tweeted via
st. louis police tells me they’re currently talking to dorian johnson , key witness in shooting
and what if it is not ?
glad his lawyer is with him. but they can still make up some lies to detain him
st. police tells me they’re currently talking to dorian johnson, key witness in shooting
i wonder how long it will be before this witness gets arrested on some trumped up charge ?
i hope he has a lawyer present and a bullet proof vest on
i sure hope he brought a lawyer with him
about fling time they had to be shamed into talking to him.
they could have just watched the news by now ! his story has not changed ! 👍👊
the witness is account already sounds iffy at best.
photos : , missouri , looks like a war zone
why are they armed like they going to war ?
rt photos looks like a war zone
photos looks like a war zone
press has been corralled in with peaceful demonstrators in
press has been corralled in with peaceful demonstrators in ”
what happened to freedom to assemble and freedom of the press without being intimidated by cops ?
militarized police what : press has been corralled in with peaceful demonstrators in ”
are you nervous about what could happen to you guys if it turns peaceful ?
press has been corralled in with peaceful demonstrators in ”
press has been corralled in with peaceful demonstrators in
at my request , us comm'n on civil rights approves letter to doj requesting inquiry into racial composition of pd
i smell a rat in ferguson ! please stay the course we got your back
why city council is not it elected ?
city council is elected if you want that changed than get off your ass & amp ; vote
better look at every police forces in the country then
and city council elected positions ? hmmmmm ....
i do not know how this is going to end . but man , it does not feel good right
looks like they are just itching for a confrontation.
stay safe out my man.
this is rashaen aldrige , 20 . " we are here to support the family , to let them know
is he part of the fast food worker organizing ? (t-shirt slogan)
seeing these show me $15 “ shirts at the rally is great
he does not have to work tomorrow he is on vacation. one.
and trying to get him $15 bucks
thanks for the heads up ! do you know sheen ? or did you recognize his name ?
. is our handle. thanks for the s/o !
i believe the is for mike brown is mother.
why do the shirts say show me $15 ?
what are the shirts about ?
and us the protest to up minimum wage ?
is one of the fast food leaders.
thanks i appreciate your help.
they are hijacking this to protest for $15 minimum wage. not tacky at all ...
again , we are seeing why we need a federal government .
damaging trust in police for years !
is that even a question ?
my yes. fife ...
this presser is going to be part of that class that teaches you how not to do it
and the congregation says !!!
officials keeps on and they wonder why their black residents are outraged.
so it can give military hardware to local police to oppress peaceful protesters and journalists ?
u are correct u r correct !!!!!
again, we are seeing why we need a federal government. ”
how is this man the chief of anything ?
i think we need more than that ! we need strong leadership and perhaps un observers !
god bless you rt : howard family pray for our own .
this is the face of being black in america. shame on you
confirms her shooting when asked who shot her his mouth was covered by partner
god bless you rt : howard family pray for our own.
praying hard. so hard. amazing young woman - horrible to see her suffering.
god bless you rt : howard family pray for our own. “
just cop saying she was shot in head. not much info.
do you have the link to that video, we have been looking for it
the police department thinks it is a joke
god bless you rt : howard family pray for our own. ”
god bless you rt howard family pray for our own.
god bless you rt : howard family pray for our own. ”
i am really not sure of details
yes lt & lt
yeah i saw this video earlier just did not know id of girl at that point.
everyone shout for sister she is up ! ht
blessings to spook writes. be well. we love you !!!!
usa does not comply with law that requires reporting on police use of deadly force
rt it is not about bank accounts son. i could not care less
do not you worry sweet heart. i will never stop. i promise. xxx
there and hundreds of places around the world. you know.
how about you back up your statement saying you have been providing for us for 400 years
why should they protest they fucking provide services for you ! you ungrateful troublemakers.
which of those places has a constitution that declares all people free dumb ass.
take care of yourselves for once “ were your words ass hat.
this is not a democracy anymore, fuck the police state
thank you for doing what is right * not the status duo
that is so true and very sad.
i did not drag anyone here. way to lump a race together. haters unite i guess
any time black were getting ahead in the early 20th century their homes were destroyed.
the truth comes out. so this is about payback not justice. you just needed a reason
this case worth to talk about it & amp ; aware what kind of justice this guy had
and your comment was way worse, and oozing with racism. fuck your feelings.
mt does not comply w law that requires reporting use of deadly force
does not comply with law that requires reporting on police use of deadly force
i am just an angry old man who lashes out at the sky ...
. does not represent the entire it represents a bad part of it, that needs change.
have fun traveling extra miles for your goods and services.
it was a reference to historical fact. context : try it
well they should have been out protesting we do not really care
congrats on your tweet !
in response to the asinine comment made prior
stole the then got someone else to work it low. excellent business model.
nor did you drag folks here to pick your cotton free of charge
congrats on writing a great tweet ! (ranked 1st for aug 13. )
and you have not provided shit for me. most lilly i am providing for you,..... still
provided for your ancestors for 400 years, shut the fuck up.
keep living in the past and blame whitey. excuses excuses excuses
what do i blame whitey about ? you wanna throw out racist bs, i use fact.
10 times body lying on the street for four hours uncovered ...
of because f international law. might makes right.
who was not at that time. do not think it happened or happens still today abroad ?
get back to your democrat and cry to someone else.
right 7-16-1974 i saw a policeman shoot my husband ... i was nine months pregnant.
rt provided for your ancestors for 400 years ,,,ut the fuck up ...
could be mistaken for funny that ?
does not comply with law requires reporting on police use of deadly force ”
you started the race crap with your initial comment.
congrats on your tweet !
you must have been born with a birth defect.
nation predicated on freedom. built on slavery. huge irony.
you wanna act offended by history ? i did not fuck write it.
it is not about bank accounts son. i could not care less
. you never heard of slavery ? you think all that money saved from free labor disappeared ?
please. do some research.
i do not care what you call yourself. and you are pretty dumb.
media on us extralegal cellar torture acts on americans/financial sabotage : juno
you said you most likely provide for me ... put your money where your broke ass mouth is.
wanna compare bank accounts you dumb ass ? and nowhere did i say payback.
another reason to vote out the gop on the nth of november !
they can kill an unarmed boy
there is no law in usa ! wild westernize, brutality & amp ; corruption — ! via
yeah i am a racist. my top 3 picks for lotus are all minorities. move along
yo free i was tweeting at not your willfully ignorant ass.
protesters in and shot with the same teargas canisters . wow .
protesters in and shot with the same teargas canisters. wow.
it was only a matter of time before us made weapons used on their own.
now we see what that $3. 5bil is helping to buy.
the oppressed stands with the oppressed . stands with .
is .... like it or not, it is coming ... jordan is palestine
stop attempting to troll you senseless, ignorant idiot.
then we need to help one another be proactive. i am tired of reactionary (cont)
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. ” insane !!
so the amp ;. christians too then.
this needs to be a poster.
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. ”
truth u. seals to 911 @ home. police judges prison guards
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with.
he is holding a bag of potato chips
an 88-year-old woman has joined the youth in
an woman has joined the youth in ” this !
she is precious. an 88-year-old woman has joined the youth in ”
standing by the babies for the babies
hope you do not mind that i edited it to make it easier to see
keep your shady advice as well
an woman has joined the youth in ” messes sir.
bless her heart rt an 88-year-old woman has joined the youth in
how beautiful heartbreaking loving and angering at the same time. god bless her
rt an woman has joined the youth in
lets all say it hands up do not shoot !!
an woman has joined the youth in
the maddest of props to her rt : an 88-year-old woman has joined the youth in
an woman has joined the youth in ” i hope she is safe
on local tv now , reports shooting victim last night in was 19-year-old male , shot multiple times by county
... encounters with the police as “ clashes “ ...
... it gives they impression that they are attacking the police.
confirmed. there has been a second child killed in
officer shot and critically wounded a man after ' he pointed a gun ' at police “
second shooting. some details here more in is feed. she is all over this
you still should not raise a gun at police. that is stupid
no but you should stop referring to demonstrators ' ...
yeah ... see ... multiple times. problem ?
police and protesters face to face in
huh weird no cops w/out white skins.
police and protesters face to face in ”
police and protesters face to face in ”. news cone coming
police and protesters face to face in ” civil rights still a fight.
police and protesters face to face in
police and protesters face to face in ” the police officers look ridiculous
things are getting very tense in .
things are getting very tense in.
as well they should be.
things are getting very tense in. ”
they left out the “ kill police “ part ? that is the best part !
wow things are getting very tense in. ”
i was thinking the exact same thing.
rt things are getting very tense in.
hello is interested in talking to you. please follow me then we can chat, thanks
as it should. peacefully let folk know it ai not on !
things are getting very tense in. ”
things are getting very tense in. keep reporting
things are getting very tense in. ”
thank you guys so much for keeping us in the loop. this is such an unthinkable tragedy !
because would justify what the police did today. got it. great logic.
what is your point ?
things are getting very tense in. ”
. showed support for last night during his concert
. showed support for last night during his concert
check out dope female rapper from
black children do not have to be perfect for their lives to have value . is not on trial .
lord knows. i did ... made friends with that block button. i do not entertain trolls.
never a question of but context matters.
this is for god makes ! take advantage of it and stop acting “ hood “
value no life. good day.
we do not know he assaulted a cop. witness accounts dispute the police version.
but the cop is on trial ? on twitter ?
children is lives have absolute value regardless of behavior or race.
he pushed the cashier. he was nowhere near the officer when shot. no longer a danger.
sure he is. look at him
officer did not know about robbery ; unarmed & amp ; nowhere near officer means deadly force unnecessary
aw i enjoyed the hell out of performing it ! i hope it comes around again !
asked and you are exactly the point of this statement.
i think you are missing the point. two wrongs do not make a right.
but not worth being murdered.
still no reason to kill him.
the fuck asked ???
. he is not exactly filled with compassion. best just to ignore him.
even is supreme religious leader is now on twitter condemning the us as a whole for ferguson ...
unarmed amp no longer a threat to officer. deadly force no longer necessary.
grown ass men acting hood and gangster “
based on where the body was, in relation to the care and police version, nowhere near.
now you say entire community is criminal. you are a racist plain & amp ; simple.
just as the founding fathers intended . rt : current situation in
looks like they are outside the double deuce
just your friendly neighborhood cops -- today in -- yes, this is the usa ” via
actually probably not too far from what they intended. because race
disgusting just as the founding fathers intended. rt : current situation in ”
just as the founding fathers intended. rt : current situation in
wow this like a movie how can this happen in
another lesson learned today “ low ready “ is not a term taught to sold.
thanks for sharing that update - it is now live here :
to protect and to serve. right !
police department justice is not here right now “
y’all notice & amp ; st louis county have not released the autopsy report . trajectory of bullets matters in
not making anything personal. that is general comments aimed at the issue.
these facts r but facts none less. build stronger fans based on moral values is answer
every race in has moral issues ! it is not just a problem of black morals.
a close personal friend went from losing a job and everything, to being homeless.
of all blacks killed are killed by other blacks. where are the protests for that ?
when killing someone for sneakers or drugs is acceptable, we have a problem.
reason nothing changes is 2 many people r 2 busy claiming victim status instead of working hard.
just tired of race hustlers in media & amp ; govt ' that booker t warned us about :
it all comes back to slavery ?
most people of all races only want blacks to succeed and thrive !
i am not justifying cops who go overboard however.
no she thinks is racist and its all america is fault, her community has no responsibility.
everybody will have to atone for the part they play. everyone.
because our population is smaller. yep ! you are right.
that there is a huge other problem ! trust me, i spend countless hours mentoring about that !
well said those are eternal principles upon which we can all build our lives upon !
so you do not think the welfare state plays a role in this, or personal responsibility ?
no but blaming others & amp ; not taking personal responsibility has multiplied problems for blacks.
it is toxic. big government is at the root of the problem.
look at the stats for certain crimes. federal prison is overwhelmingly white for white collar crimes.
i want you check out this documentary please and thanks !
when will an arrest take place ?
but that is for every race in america, not just blacks.
i but they are way over represented.
behind every successful family is a proud, strong supportive hard working wife.
me too much love and respect to all who participated in this conversation.
tell her you are helping to save the county, and we appreciate all of your hard work !
come on u know stop snitching ' is a big problem in the black community :
life is hard for everyone.
start rebuilding teaching find god, pursue education, teach hard work pays.
family 10 need restoration. its the bedrock. education too.
then i do not think this conversation can go any further.
what would the country look like without the police. be glad you have them.
number of entrance points
and that has nothing to do with race. has everything to do with families and values.
welfare dependency has more to do w/ it. before 1964 blacks marriage rate was higher than whites.
maybe because it is an ongoing investigation.
is right. it stems from breakdown of families and values, leading to amorality.
need more leaders that stress gd choices, not ones who promote strife and victim hood.
it plays a part. there is always a starting point, the history of a problem.
blacks are victims of big government, leftist, progressive ideas and policies !
i agree completely but we also need a full investigation of what happened in.
thats not relevant. majority of all felony inmates are one race. their community is in crisis.
boom that says it all. you are right.
i thought i was the only who had that problem !
i just said that yesterday ! those on the system make politicians rich !!!
but blacks are not the highest % of welfare recipients.
we escaped a communist country where our land was stolen/friends imprisoned & amp ; never looked back.
absolutely there is a difference between living off of the government and caring for the real poor.
if there were more intact homes, then there would be less of need for a police presence.
we are all and we all need to repent and take responsibility for our own actions.
if the dispatch time line matches that point we do agree. still not justify shooting.
wives are a very powerful group ! lol ! our membership has it is perks !
but just like all there is a root.
yes this police chief is pitiful.
the video does nothing more than justify the stop. it does not justify the shooting.
and marriage is the best anti-poverty program there is !
when a life of crime is more appealing than work and school, we have a problem.
we have to be honest about that breakdown, or else we get nowhere !
amen. it is what takes the place of fathers and husbands in broken communities.
police are leaving now .
police are leaving now. ”
why were they there in the first place “ : police are leaving now. ”
they will be back. we can count on that. smh
rt police are leaving now.
police are leaving now. ”
rt police are leaving now. ”
breathes sigh of relief * rt police are leaving now.
police are leaving now. ” // it is about damn time !
embarrassed , ' activists " morph from " why stop ? " to " why so many shots ? "
my question is what is the best detergent to used to clean white sheets ?
officer did not know anything about the robbery
does it explain why the officer shot brown 2-3 times while brown is hands was raised ?
is running after and chasing some1 with a loaded gun illegal ? as george admitted he did
what are you talking about ?
a lot. it is believed the officer emptied his gun.
can i ask you serious question ?
it explains why brown would assault the officer.
never said that but that is what you wanted to hear.
the police chief said that in his presser this afternoon
are you fucking stupid or just completely bat shit insane ?
is that a question ?
can i ask you a real serious question ?
walked away ... for four minutes .... then came back to show how bad he was
and here comes wondered how long it would take
that is what i think happened. based on what i know so far.
this is disgustingly dismissive and insensitive ... ugh
it is clear we are going backwards in race relations in this country
the initial narrative about turned out to be far different once the facts came out in court.
once again you feel caused his own death
oh lord ... only if i can grade your question on how serious it actually is.
so the policeman had a reason to stop brown. why was he in car ?
you recall the initial narrative about that shooting ?
elder you really are an uncle tom.
he matched description of suspect in robbery 10 minutes earlier :
how many times was brown shot ?
the botched that case and had no intention of convicting george
so that warrants an on street death penalty where is the pic of officer wilson ?
no it does if that is what happened.
that is how the struggle over the sidearm occurred.
and has no words for those grieving families
let me ask you a question : what do you think happened ?
the jury never viewed rayon as a human being
these pix and his very long arrest record might shed light on the situation ;
seriously is it clorox with beach ?
better than being a racist like yourself.
the police look more militarized now than the actual national guard , here from the 1967 newark riots :
the bigger the government gets ...
and learn comprehension !
police look more militarized than actual national guard, here from 1967 newark riots : ”
the police look more militarized now than the actual national guard, here from the 1967 newark riots :
love the ' fuck the police ' on the mailbox !!
excellent commentary on courtesy of
i am feeling the love ...
if you are not cop, you are little people !! “ it is & amp ;.
i called you that because you are one. and that is a fact, spike.
i question your crippled epistemology. call my mom, ask her, she will tell you.
you call me bigoted. you must be insane. still waiting for my pizza. fuggedaboudit !
graphic plplpleaseereportacampshare
the incentives to unnecessarily insert police action into innocent lives must end, via libertarian jury independence.
and that is why we love him.
i guess you are not an anarchist, otherwise- you win !
says the nobody in jersey. could hurry up with my pizza btw ?
bigoted jackass. nobody thinks your backwards cap makes you a tough guy.
excellent commentary on courtesy of ” lao
all biggest talent-less jackass anarchist ever.
hear the biggest ! ever ! whoo !
look up the word “ plonk. “
can you show us on the doll, where mr. all touched you ?
" do not shoot ! do not shoot ! "
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” kill
do not shoot do not shoot ! “
remember : this is how protests began . before dogs , tear gas , rubber bullets , intimidation , no-fly
the message is here pup - agenda 21 (official single) :
please add then report
well why maybe because savage cops came with guns showing, big ass dogs, and tanks.
then people started burning shit down
are you retarded police was like that from day 1 even when peaceful.
last thing grieving oppressed people want to see is the oppressor trying to intimidate.
. is it safe to assume they are not the is bankers/corrupt regulators/loan sharks/pols who tanked our economy ?
back up was already called since day 1. different police from several districts. nice try though.
you gotta be the most hard headed person low but alright believe what you want
photos from and 1960s protests side by side show not much has changed in the past 50 years
photos from and protests side by side show not much has changed in the past 50 years
it is being ' conserved '.
pisses yeah off history always repeats why surprised
how will we incorporate current protests into our american history projects ?
people are angry , frustrated but peaceful tonight in . the police dept is heavy handed approach made things worse
they were trying to provoke a riot.
violence does not need to be answered with violence. civility is more important. mlk.
any info on when police will make a statement ?
sounds like a politician to me !
this nonviolent discipline is likely to yield dividends as the situation develops. bravo citizens.
so the crowd has dispersed ?
can we get you for a radio interview tomorrow morning ?
thank you for keeping us updated. have a blessed & amp ; wonderful night. s.i.p.
appreciate the updates from the area - thank you !
thank you for your updates and the work you are doing on this.
" resistance from to "
an injustice whatever color or difference is a threat to justice everywhere.
wow. resistance from to “ ”
we need to do more about the middle east they slater them just like us
amen to that. we all need to unite and work together to help each others struggles
rt resistance from to “
let is make that day soon.
not ignorance. youth worldwide are hustling for survival. hungry can not fight.
resistance from to “ ” jesus come back
it will happen when oppressed ppm realize they have love of freedom in common over differences.
the day that the oppressed of every land on earth unite is the day the oppressors fear.
for once they are not hiding behind children.
resistance from to “ ” so deep here
cops are forcing us to move even as legally we have the right to stand on the sidewalk ...
wait they tell you it is “ not a sidewalk. “
stay focus on the prime top and not lollygag interest
we not need any weak or punk statements
are you rioting. if not they are doing a fine job.
please just do what they say.
what the fuck are you saying ?
legal like laws have ever prevented wrongdoing
tweet i can not understand you
cops are forcing us to move even as legally we have the right to stand on the sidewalk ...
we looking out for us. we staying on this and cheering in the universe for y'all !
bye u just too standardized n getting ' on my nerves
. night after night riots. cops come in force no riots. good job
please be careful. it looks as if they want things to break bad.
is not on ' b da barrier to spare u as a ban ' when walk out door
chief tells me he " did not know " media was at . newser now 25 minutes late
its messed up. keep us updated n b safe
chief tells me he did not know “ media was at. newser now 25 minutes late
there is an idea.
trustworthy honest n reports. she is objective. never gives her opinion. best 1 out there
indicative of all their actions ?
such a sad thing that things are so disorganized. presser in 10 ? 20 ? ever ?
he was there doing an interview on cnn while everyone was setting up !!!!!
memo said it was scheduled at wawa.
i stand with .
we are all i love you
riots and looting could have waited for oh ink, ever
i stand with all brutalized communities.
will you stand with as well
how do you know he was a “ thug “ ?
guy was a strong arm robber and double teamed a cop, he is no angel
so you stand with thugs ! smh
you stand with the police ? or the innocent people ? or the looters ? i am confused
but you also have to understand that white people will never suffer under severe racism like other races.
no one knows the full story yet though.
i am glad and thank you.
why do you assume she is liberal ?
and using his death as an excuse is bad.
does live on in ferguson ?
i knew you would. thanks for standing for what is right.
i stand with racism will not prevail.
besides being an astounding u have always had integrity & amp ; honor ! -- gb
" this is not just a north side problem or a black problem , this is a st. louis problem
did that guy make that sign
proud to know you keep up the great work, but please be careful and stay safe.
did not die in vain. his memory will be the centerpiece in the mid-terms with regards to
what’s the meaning of his sign ?
this is one of the first non-black protesters i have seen in a photo.
maybe more so in st ... but everywhere else, too.
pretty sure the sign is telling the cops, not the gangsters ... smfh
pretty sure he is talking about the racial history behind the ferguson protests
take it in strive ppm
this is a problem bcuz ittitsis bout get put of hand‼️
this is an problem.
these are the same clowns who cry freedom ! the militarization of our police forces is beyond dangerous.
so basically a black problem.
it is an problem.
jesse jackson leading a small group in prayer at the scene of is death .
this is a psychological operation. better wake up, ignorant people.
spider man has really let himself go.
he is a
needs to go home. name one thing he made better ??
knew that race baiting bigot would show up.
god bless please return to east pale alto when you can.
a criminal was killed there !
is that a cameraman or a sonic car hop ?
what took him so long to arrive ?
oh the great instigator. where is
just turn your camera then he will leave !
oh puke honestly can not believe it took him this long not to be center stage !
pretty sure justice was served there. bad example.
leading a small group in prayer at the scene of is death.
leading a small group in prayer at the scene of is death. “
everybody say revjackson has come to save you !
of course he is. there are cameras around.
protest at police dept right now
rt protest at police dept right now
protest at police dept right now
protest at police dept right now ”
i wish i could join them so bad rn “ : protest at police dept right now ”
protest at police dept right now ”
protest at police dept right now ”
janelle monae and her band stand in w/
money and her band stand in w/
we just filed a new suit to obtain public records from the police dept
perhaps you will find a receipt for skittles and cough syrup in the evidence file.
please help get to the bottom of this mess.
. . explain if there is you on any youth assault issues profiling witness/victim ? ?
stop capitulating. stop doing what they want you to do. they want us divided !
. filed a new suit to obtain public records from the ferguson police dept.
dispatch cop involved in shooting never called 9-11 audio (11:05 am- 6:05 pm)
not very public if you have to file a suit to obtain them ...
israel’s real target is not haas : it is palestinian statehood. … ”
because brown could not possibly have been doing anything wrong ...
do you know all the facts ? i mean do you really ?
do not think that can not happens to you when you stand 4 nothing you fall 4 everything
should not the st. county police be named as well ?
this is what a vigil for a shot unarmed child perspective man perspective
very glad you are asking questions.
my column arrest wilson arrest him now !! :
i see this brought you out of retirement huh ??
here in the cops over step their bounds all the time why would it be any different.
just a but maybe let law enforcement finish the investigation ? sounds logical to me.
do you know how bad shooting an unarmed child is ? i mean do you really ?
thank tho i fear what you will get in return. brown was a werewolf ?
murder so you were an eyewitness ??
the presence of police dogs in is , at the very least , culturally and historically insensitive .
4 all u who think racism is not alive a well, look no further than ferguson police mafia###
or in today is vernacular, . 0
why is it necessary are they being unruly ?
got guns no need for dogs ! ! peace
did they really that is reprehensible.
the presence of police dogs in is, at the very least, culturally and historically insensitive.
pit bulls are acceptable i suppose
turning into despicable. we will not forget
" do not shoot ! do not shoot ! "
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” oh shift low they comic af
powerful do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ”
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ✊ black power
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” ouuu them cops look mad af
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” i am train join the rally
i know. i am just absolutely sick of it.
this literally makes me want to burst out into tears. what is happening in this country.
wow look at all the white cops !
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” that just made my day 💕🎀💕
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” such a dangerous mob !!
just north of st louis
congrats on your tweet !
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “
nothing different from what has always been happening in this country
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “
rt do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “
mound city bar association has agreed to donate their time pro bono , for any witnesses that would like to
see and what happened to the man who recorded the death and his family.
why would a witness need an attorney ?
riots hurt property values and ruin communities . deters business from coming -- then same " activists " complain ,
then why do not the “ activists “ condemn the looters ? because condemnation is reserved for police.
would you love someone who murdered your son for walking down the street ?
police are activists racist murdering activists. how does that affect house prices ??
hey look it is an uncle tom !
why do not you like women ??? why do you support murdering racist pigs ?
murdering unarmed teens ruin communities and deters businesses
how do you know they are not ? in populations of this size intent and pop are not homogeneous
assumes that the activists and the looters are the same people. a sadly myopic assumption.
precisely. prejudice prejudgment. prejudice ! = racism, though they are kissing cousins.
many black urban centers never recover after riots of the late 1960 is
i do not get it - if you are going to riot why destroy your own neighborhood ?
. do murderous white men need the support of a nigger. that is my question.
misogynist fatherless homes criminal homes ... you got a problem with women ??
sad and wrong. the majority of activists live in. most of the arrested looters do not-
police murdering people hurts communities. fuck property values. a kid is dead.
of course i would. what is the matter w/you ? stop defending anarchy.
stop using logical fallacy. nobody is defending anarchy nor justifying looting. re-read. activist ! = looter
that is for ya why do you think ?! it is that same liberal !
says someone who obviously peaked in the 60s.
well riots would not happen if ya stop murdering black people.
hey that is a cute baby.
do murdering unionized cowardly mobs of need the support of a nigger ?? that is my question.
thug behavior is a crime committed by a few that the whole community pays for
if protesters were white , they would be walking away with several hundred cattle and an apology .
for the record i am completely disgusted by the way michael brown is death has been handled ...
if protesters were they would be walking away with several hundred cattle and an apology.
re convoy earlier. this is not in st. louis, and the crowd is mainly white :
the riot is the result of lethal inequity. the militia were not being targeted by police.
you are no comparison.
were grazing their cattle on public land. they committed a crime. no comparison 2
your reach for a valid comparison exceeds your grasp. stop now.
remember the pictures from the gop and dem conventions ? were those militarized police forces racially motivated ?
arrest moocher rancher buddy. send the tanks to wipe out the militia
they owed the fed gov not. everyone knows that.
makes the contrast in responses that much more maddening
you’re trying to compare a speculative homicide to a dispute over land ownership ? come on now.
it is good to know !
people are not permitted to break laws bc cops murdered michael brown.
we got you featured on
the ranch is in u know nothing about either situation. g'bye
i guess the rioters will just have to be content with the loot from walmart.
your hypothetical support not at issue. police response to race is.
and some protesters are throwing rocks at police and torching blogs. does not mean warrants military.
riots are not regardless of the justification.
burn in hell you racist cunt
that is the whole point.
lot of them are done not trust media bc all they feed you be propaganda bullshit
and they would be armed to the teeth.
yet the militia types were permitted to aim their weapons at police w/out consequence. no comparison.
dude you are missing the point
we are white as well. i live here. this goes much deeper than race.
iran’s supreme leader has taken to twitter to criticize the us over .
i hope he pointed out the role of the is keep program in militarizing is pd.
’ s supreme leader has taken to criticize the us over. - via
putting the record of aside for a second, what he says is not false in this issue
universal human rights are based on an illusory utopia …
rich. from a country where people get arrested for dancing to “ happy. “
that is deeply hypocritical universal human rights are based on an illusory utopia
is leader is in no position to criticize the us for what happened in # ferguson.
he needs to worry about his problems first.
shut ' i
those in glass … those in glass houses.
iran’s supreme leader has taken to twitter to criticize the us over.
they did not give the chief no type of time to rehearse his lines and now he stuck looking like
it is the look of a man who knows nothing is going to happen anyway.
oh but she is very fluent. “ : you sound like you need some fucking english lessons ”
that is what we call a “ flop sweat, “ right there.
thats a look of a man thinking “ fuck i can not bullshit my way out of this “
marine vet speaks out against police state -
the police should not own tanks and military equipment. the posse cogitates act forbade military intervention here
marine vet speaks out against police state -
i think they voted down posse cogitates awhile back. i can not remember when though.
false flag there are no tanks on u.s. streets.
holy fuck your police have ? you will never see that in
then people need to stop acting like animals !
with 1987 with cuban refugees
demonstrators holding up signs right now at washington , dc is malcolm x park : v
please sign and share time to end the militarization of our police force !
got that quote on that sign.
did that say x park ?
she is trying get noticed for her rhymes. i see you there 👀 but all support ! 😤✊
fuck the police. support the cause.
the dept . of justice has made it official : the agency has opened a civil rights investigation into the
play this track and spread the message
we need for this investigation to move expeditiously. starting with the release od raw officer.
congrats on your tweet !
you are an idiot. rt that
every day from now on will be let the movement begin please re tweet
careful not to settle for temporary placation.
have to start making it front and center regularly power in numbers
oh i am with my city is failing me
reports that has formally opened a civil rights investigation of in, mo.
that was hope they open one up for louis lerner shortly also but not holding breath.
thank you right my city is failing me
they were only crack our heads for that and take a video# my city is failing me
we not trying to over come. we trying to see justice ...
if u need help to organize or advice on how to deal with the pigs, call me !
please sign prosecute the officer who unlawfully shot and killed mike brown. …
send me a do and i will give u my number. call me tonight !
an important amp necessary step. should be implemented in eric garner case also
the people that paid for the murder weapon are investigating ...
really took them five years to look into shootings in miami.
have they weeded out it all the racist from the case ?
we will be free when we learn to stand together and fight . ( based on a photo from )
. i dub thee captain america !
that is one of my far sayings. ha.
that is love it ! yes i yelled that out loud too ! lol
i soon need a had version of that !!
victory through unity and solidarity.
just in : st. louis county prosecutor bob mcculloch will hold a news conference on the case at 4:30 .
lobby of justice center in clayton.
yeah that word starting with con means bullshit
dogs ? in 2014 ? rt : right now in mo following the killing of 17-year-old
history repeating it is self once again
we see the same story again & amp ; again !
check this out new music alert tattoos and scars u can not deny real shit
where the hell is news o this is not a dam white kid
its sad how they treat us !
about time we start down bak2da pigs like they do2our community ! $$$
dam cops hide and use dogs,
racism white supremacy. washed tells the truth. educate yourself black brothers and sisters
them st stands up
if this was i would have shot you ! “ -
dogs in 2014 rt : right now in mo following the killing of 17-year-old
check out my new single called the shower pole
i do not get it ... wake up damn !
stand down of riot cops in sends a powerful message - de-militarize police departments across america now .
that they are finally listening to good advice.
try a different approach
stand down of riot cops in sends a powerful message - demilitarize police departments across america now.
got what he had coming cop or not he was going to get it someday.
police are the arbiters of the law not suppressors
or ? photos unmask the militarization of america is police via
yes indeed. of protector are peaceful
do you really think us govt is your government, govt only for european american not anyone else.
hope asks them that essential question.
this is selective militarization of america is policed, happening at but not at why ? rt
yes these ugly ppm somehow think it is ok 2 h8 out loud b/c presidents while black !
that is because the black communities are under attack, from our own government.
or photos unmask the militarization of america is policed via
believe me i know there not my government.
the majority of our nation is not racist/haters but that 25% more or less promotes it non stop !
sure looks like a lot of protecting and serving going on in either case 😐
murder of any race is wrong, but you might not know that.
has been going on since 9/11/2001. homeland security money gone terribly wrong !
welcome to where americans started waking up to the militarization of their police force
always fun watching racist morons defending stuff they would be outraged about if it were aimed at non-blacks.
... would have been dispatched by those protecting themselves, family, neighbors, and property.
thanks for the compliment
your stupid is metro.
what about the media not being allowed in certain areas ? keep ignoring the creeping oppression and police state
are not they prove me wrong.
try again i already condemned rioting, police are arresting ppm protesting not rioting
libertarianism principle law enforcement = licensed aggression. how can they be reconciled ?
good have added it to my website, thanks
all the police state fantasy bs that rifting gun nuts believe threatens them is actually happening to black.
i knew who you were talking about, i am aware that you are ok with police brutality
and when it happens to buddy then they care and are for resistance
eye witnesses said this guy was just walking home and police arrested him because ...
i have no idea what you mean by that tweet
what you on about detroit. city of bankruptcy ?
i tweeted earlier about being peaceful and filming the police at all times in these situations
i think peaceful demonstration is needed but i get the knee jerk reaction
opposite is true ask who got more done than malcolm x is violent rhetoric
i did not mean the police. i meant the looters
might be more appropriate that worked out pretty well imo
when blacks loot and burn down towns, then yes, this response is warranted.
libertarianism promotes neither liberalism nor conservatism, it promotes logic. rioting is not inherently logical.
it is all the same police control
i just hope for humanity he is a paid troll and does not believe this
that is then. i do not like apologists for scummy, savage backward behavior.
stop. looting. shop is. and. get. a. job. then.
that is a separate issue which must be addressed separately.
as is showing us cops tend to be the literal boot of the government
pay attention as " teen " becomes " man , " " community " becomes " mob , " and
congrats on your tweet !
this is just wrong. helps nothing.
mob is mild to describe this
wear your best i surveillance shirtinterntnl wave at surveillance day is saturday
and the cops will threaten the grieving family into silence or into going w their version of events.
i wish i far would and re tweeted this a thousand times.
. amen. violence vs our community starts w/ twisting of words/shaping of false narratives by media.
also appalling is tweeted from the city of ferguson referencing “ event that occurred “
reads like the pr machine. . .
. and as bully becomes hero
at you will see this : “ tragic event that occurred “.
congrats on your tweet !
media will also help conceal the shooters names
please keep me out of the mentions
and they do like to use the term “ looting “ a lot.
this is about and each of us ! we want to live in peace. read and rt
congrats on your tweet !
same. coverage plays a hand in this.
they already started that huff post article talk bout “ man “ etc instead of teen !!!!!
best reaction ever that is “ justice ! “
volunteers out cleaning up community
volunteers out cleaning up community ”
they all wearing brand new shoes low
take note of white guy.
ya upon closer look the white guys shoes do not look new
looks pretty violent : “ : volunteers out cleaning up community ””
they should have prisoners doing that !
slain teen had notched a hard-fought victory : a diploma
why does not the press use that picture instead ?
media want 2 criminalize same as they did w/. thegrad pic does not fit the narrative
crowd peacefully dispersing at the qt tonight .
i could not suffer anymore.
crowd peacefully dispersing at the qt tonight.
many prayers are being answered ! i do not want to see anyone else get killed.
what crowd were u looking at ?
exactly how often do police shoot unarmed black men ?
interesting. race will surprise some.
exactly how often do police shoot unarmed black men ?
not compared to of population.
how about posting how many blacks are killed by blacks vs how many blacks are killed by whites ?
does not specify if they were armed.
i did not see the “ unarmed “ statistic
i did check my website.
exactly how often do police shoot unarmed black men ? ”
the results are not per capital, which makes them more difficult to interpret.
if the founding fathers had wanted people to have freedom of assembly , they would have put something about it
lets keep it positive ran ? at least till the fat lady is singing.
ah i thought you referring to needing them when uk ' fix ' the vote ?!
no just with our force now arming. we need at minimum the same right to arm.
i thought this was going to be a programming joke
if it is in the bill of rights instead of the constitution, they did not.
the us constitution is first amendment addresses this very topic. wiki link :
apparently that only applies to white people protesting nine year old from central america.
please show up pd to express intent to sue re. violation of 1st amend.
they failed to include anything about freedom to riot and loot
manner restrictions ” for your next box article.
we out here in cleaning up our city ! handing out water , gatorade , snacks , & amp ;
well done. keep fighting the good fight !
thank you there are good ppm everywhere
congrats on your tweet !
stay safe watch out for asshole cops !
god bless you all man for real & lt
shut up before someone reports your page.
we are so proud of you. bless you and your tasks. stay safe !
just shared your tweet on my site :
you all are doing awesome work. keep doing it.
congrats on your tweet !
great to see that community still exists in the usa !
thank you guys. much love & amp ; respect ! be safe ! 🙏✌
a black man is killed in the u.s. every 28 hours by police via & amp ;
looks like the sisters been snacking too much.
good job. that is what is needed. praying for you all.
is there a way the internet can donate for supplies ?
yes you guys are. stay strong !
tell us more amp ; include photos please ! ty
god bless you all 😘😘
hell yeah signal boosting for your community !
good on you. please stay safe
so ..... are all the women in morbidly obese ?
also see and many more
let us know what you need far
thanks for sharing those great articles. i wish they would get some national traction.
you are so much better than your police dept. good luck to you !
shit like this makes me proud to be black
vet to cops : " go ahead and shoot me ! "
. voting now on police situation at
do they really need coaxing ??
vet to cops go ahead and shoot me ! “
i admire determination not to give up/desire to comfort/willingness to confront
4 arrested in times square after march supporting
4 arrested in times square after march supporting ”
4 arrested in times square after march supporting ” !
for those not in : what questions do you still have ? are their angles/content you want explored have not
or is it just mobilized every time the police feel challenged in any way ?
police out of 50 on the force.
thanks for the and for your coverage.
. typically all contained within a block or two. all happening within blocks of the shooting
were they returned etc etc
are media asking why swat teams are necessary ?
is anyone trying to go 1 by 1 through the police roster to find the shooter ?
have there been marches on the police station or city council ?
you are starting to grow on me. good coverage
i guess that means aggregates = sausage media.
my question what is their endgame ? or are they just deploying a full on occupation ?
i am surprised at how white protesters in nevada get away w/ pointing armed assault rifles at cops ...
this is why we need diversity in the newsroom people
weird how people might not trust the cops right now
which makes you more nervous out there protesters or pd ?
what is the racial history of this town ? how did the cops get this way ?
you are right.
how are the local politicians responding ? are people planing to run against them in next election ?
. one young man pulled a gun on cops last night. he was shot multiple times
typically blocking them from stretch where there are businesses ”
more reporting at how funding for the weaponry the police are using against citizen protesters. (1/2)
what do the people there want from the rest of us as they recover and work towards justice ?
who paid for all those weapons that tiny town is pd has ? who sold them ?
. these officer is name are the biggest remaining unanswered questions imo
how much media is there ? are they taking this seriously or chasing sensation ?
. mix of reasons. many do not trust local cops/have not come forward
have a story coming on this
yes media asked the police chief several times.
thanks one question. does she know what happened ? can you say ?
. easy i am a black man - the police
is legal support ores available to protesters ?
should this surprise anyone or even be frowned upon ?
sorry to say this but sometimes chants and marches are not enough remember chicago 1968 democratic convention
. typically blocking them from stretch where there are businesses
i have not seen an explanation for why michael brown was left in the street after the shooting.
does it like the situation is calming or becoming more tense ?
who is paying for this display of strength ' ? who is actually in control, city-wise ?
it seems like they have guns pointed at the people is this correct ?
any idea if the family will seek a second autopsy ?
should be repository of comparative data re : crime stats, evidence-based policing, profiling.
anything brown family would like outsiders to do in support ?
what is status of any budding community organizations being formed ? any occupy presence there either ?
why no media access ?
his grandmother said he was coming to visit her .... i heard. ??
this is thank you
at this yes to both
maybe u should be asking “ why would that piece of shit point a gun at police “.
or ...
what is governor or state doing ?
why did not they shoot the white protesters at for also aiming guns at federal officials ?
what kind of organizing is happening on the ground ? are there factions or gradations of participation ?
i just do not understand the overkill with the guns etc w/ police to the protesters.
i do not know. maybe does. he is reporting live right now.
what plan is in place when anonymous releases the cops name ? protective custody ? armed detail ?
. cops in because investigators had to pause several times because they heard gunfire
grammar in this was terrible i am sorry)
have you seen any state legislators ? besides the one senator. anything from mo senators.
just want to say thank you for your coverage.
they would argue it worked then.
why is the reaction by authorities so different here than in ca for the incident ?
. correct. no way of knowing until we have name
how has a town that is 2/3rds black kept an overwhelmingly white power structure ?
yes they is my understanding
good but we are talking about different sets of cops/feds.
also a different skin pigmentation in the people protesting ...
probably answered elsewhere and i just missed it but what is response from local politicians ?
i am interested in pastors with mostly white flocks -- are they engaged, and with whom ?
he was with club today, where else ?
have the police said what would make them take their riot gear and go home ?
i am white and it is still an easy answer, the police
u talking about the pieces of shit at that had assault weapons aimed at cops ?
had not heard that. will inquire
they have at least four in custody btw
how spread out several blocks, etc) are these protests ?
who is coordinating the police effort ? who is making the decision to show so much force ?
is there any way to fire every policeman ?
really you really think that is what i meant ?
interview the rare black and ask what they feel like right now.
have you any statements from witnesses that claim they had video of shooting that had phones confiscated ?
they should probably be as well.
you are the least of the swine there
police talk about understanding ppm upset. do they understand their actions are not helping at all ?!
i am watching now
i would like to see an exploration of the historic disenfranchisement of the black majority in ferguson.
is there any talk of getting an autopsy done by a third party ?
are the police deploying an active denial system ?
i keep asking about the woman that was shot last night. any word on her ?
that is what i am saying
he could find them.
is there silence the governor of mo on this ? what at state-wide civic leaders ?
by whose orders who is in charge ?
has been interview by local or fbi
what is the governor ? what is happening in st louis proper ? great tweets btw
mo has open carry laws. do they apply to pop ?
i have not encountered them on the ground, but does not mean they are not here
why was never called to the scene ?
almost 3 days nothing since ? nothing on his website since.
where is the mo governor in all this ?
you bet now if everyone could be like us ....
i have mixed feelings about it.
nope. i was speaking about the other night. my time line speaks for itself.
what is the population in ? how big/small off a town ?
what is the mo governor doing ?
why are they wearing green came in an urban environment ?
a particularly interesting question given that st. louis is home to this thing
i did available on line ?
how much is this militarized police response costing the city/county/state ?
guns can not me did you mean “ loaded assault rifles “ ?
mostly if not all, going on ?
would like more info on federal law enforcement agencies that are helping police the protest.
breakdown of number of military vehicles/guns in county.
if he pulled a gun on the cops, that would happen.
i expected better of was.
as per interview i heard with this morning it was majority white until white flight left it majority
why have not the police finished interviewing witnesses after four days ?
some would argue that because of the intense police present. thoughts ?
. have reached out to her directly - understanding is wound was a graze, and she is recovering
" hands up ! " in
hands up in
i hope someone is helping the mother to file a lawsuit.
rt hands up ! “ in
your smiling photo odd juxtaposition to sadness being played out/ just saying
this is a powerful image. thanks for capturing and publicizing what is going on.
it just went crediting you, on my
teenager will not start college on monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer .
teenager will not start college on monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer.
this makes me so sad
first the choke hold goes wrong now this is to dammed much to understand cops killing us off
from amazing rand ft. sinceforever
happening now in where was killed .
make them arrest that asshole. 10mins in gen pop please
i know you are just calling it as you see it. i get it.
happening now in where was killed.
rt happening now in where was killed.
i am really not trying to joke but that is nothing special
happening now in where was killed. ”
need to start demanding resignations and start at the top no excuses sorry will not cut it anymore
like wt are y'all doing ?? rt happening now in where was killed.
latest on brown look on
happening now in where was killed. “
i can not with you right now sir ratchet less
every individual in that needs to get on grieve their complaints to the world ...
are they actually going to do anything though ? we know the cop is not going to do time
that is every tho “ : happening now in where was killed. ”
when and where - shot by police officer darren wilson in
do you want me to correct your lack of education in one tweet ? start reading yourself
yeah i just being a smart ass
well is so why would they use an americanism ?
so of blacks kill as much as 72% of white americans. 6 times more per person
when and where shot by police officer darren wilson in
petroleum. here in the states we call them gas stations.
i saw blacks and terrorizing whites even in europe ... why not the reverse ?
because there is no affirmative action in science, you actually have to do the work
has that image been confirmed as mike browne ? your headline implies that strongly.
fail to mention the fbi statistics showing whites commit nearly 70% of all crimes in america.
is good enough for you and thug brown ?
about of black young male population in us went to prison .... surprise for you, yes ?
but seriously why with all money given to black no single nobel prize in sciences ?
you got me i guess the social/political/economic climate and white supremacist power structure mean nasa
you are already aggressive that proves my thesis - bravo !
said it from the was a thug.
how can you be that dumb an ignorant ? please get an education before you try to parrot distortions
i am sure they will use that as an excuse
40-50 years in same same teachers ...
just another mindless parrot reading right wing blogs and promoting the same divisive horseshit
when and where - shot by police officer darren wilson in ”
are ever concerned than they commit 5-10 times more crimes that white americans camp ;
do you understand that statistics do not tell you anything about cause and conditions ?
why we need brave journalists :
why we need brave journalists : ”
bravery at its best my goodness ... wow !!! what a fearless human-being !
my column arrest wilson arrest him now !! :
why we need brave journalists : v/
yes due process involves arrest a week after several witnesses tell the same story.
and places for them to work !
you are being a lair if you say a citizen would not have been arrested by now !
why we need brave journalists : ”
now you have just showed how full of crap you are !! get off my twitter feed !
why we need brave journalist. to tell nothing at the truth
why we need brave journalists : ” !
we need brave journalists and international laws to protect them.
why we need brave journalists : ”
volunteer journalists ... or paid, qualified, intelligence willing to share experiences and motivation .....??
mike brown was to start studying at vatterott college on monday .
now i am crying again. rt mike brown was to start studying at vatterott college on monday.
mike brown was to start studying at vatterott college on monday. ” so sad.
please help me support ’ s mom in sending her other 3 kids to college.
sad. mike brown was to start studying at vatterott college on monday. ”
is this set it off ? nope, another promising brown baby g o n e !
mike brown was to start studying at vatterott college on monday. ”
mike brown was to start studying at vatterott college on monday. ””
did he steal candy did he get shot over candy ?
mike brown was to start studying at vatterott college on monday.
mike brown does not have to be perfect for his life to have value . is not on trial .
thats awesome. where can i sign the petition for the victims of mike brown ?
you can sign the petition in the link in this video share
dear pd after our towns murders we did not deploy swat respectfully a sandy hook dad and ex-cop .
sure they have called for mutual aid from other departments, if not. scary !
because unlike i follow protesters who have testified to being chased, shot at, and humiliated
or the national guard there are guard outposts near this town.
keep it silly goose.
again never said that. keep trying to spin it
dear pd after our towns murders we did not deploy swat respectfully a sandy hook dad and ex-cop.
it is call being prepared. i would have them be ready and not needed.
you did not have people rioting and looting either.
well respectfully you did not have riots and looters either.
. police presence in riot gear can be the catalyst to an escalation. it sends the wrong message
nice. keep it sweetie.
i am saying black people conducting peaceful protests = rioting to you and it is telling.
no when you assume that every protest has resulted in ' rioting ' you already do
thank you for speaking up.
and that is the injustice ...
was talking to him. not you.
only one who is blind to larger picture would say “ silly statement “
. its overkill. its showing force when deescalation is their responsibility. thats not
in sandy unlike the cops were not covering up the murder.
do not know if there doing the same today
respectfully yes like as already mentioned there were not riots
mind you the and army gear happened from day one, before any item was looted.
completely different situation. no death threats and riots in sandy.
except the swat was deployed before the rioting. try again to justify it.
can not spin ' a racist, you already took the lead. enjoy oblivion. looks comfy
did sandy hook folks riot and threaten to kill officers ? no ? silly statement.
why question when for some racist reason, you never take into account that its not monolithic
their tactics are very
well respectfully you did not have riots and looters either. ” : 😴😴😴😴
not that you because we deserve to be dehumanized. to ppm like you.
all i can say is it looks really bad
but your town is murders were not committed by the pd.
response in the first few hours, what happened to the serve part ?
your i can not be silent no more !
the police are dammed if they do dammed if they do not.
no one had to demand an investigation of the police in sandy hook.
respectfully yes like as already mentioned there were not riots ” / 😴😴😴😴😴😴
thats people like you are why we are slowly losing all of our rights in this country
y'all did not riot either tho
this is a case of over kill in every sense !
so they have not been rioting ? is this what you are saying ?
the city alderman is in the crowd documenting everything. i doubt he is on a looting spree.
demand community policing nationwide. communities that do, have less conflict & amp ; better service. kennethlipp
sandy hook is predominantly so why would cops need to deploy swat ?
our account from the ground in protesting 4 ? know your rights
police militarization the r simply no decent royalty-free pics
i volunteered to but was not contacted.
maybe write to citizen journalist who was tweeting from there and ask if you can use their picture ?
will be able to find what he is looking for there anyway ?
the military tactics started the rioting.
it is not a jungle it is home ! put away the “ toys. “
mt our account from the ground in. know your rights
media looks like its not been active since 2006 :
please sign amp share my we petition
that is local law enforcement ?
constant the riot on the first night, etc
do you now see why people were doing what they were doing ?
our account from the ground in 4 ? know your rights
nothing has changed . the only difference ? the pictures are in color .
this is not about race.
the color of the president has changed, too.
nothing has changed. the only difference ? the pictures are in color. ”
get your sick corrupt ass out of my mentions.
you are right. better resolution.
they shoot a black kid in the back and then try to intimidate the crowd. f*ck police !
nothing has changed. the only difference ? the pictures are in color. ”
y'all letting the system control your thinking.
angry white people and german shepherds gathering. again.
it was a play on your use of the word color. lighten up.
i live near care to go bowling with me ?
nothing has changed. the only difference ? the pictures are in color. ”
you have a serious mental illness. it is called being a dumb ass.
nothing has changed. the only difference ? the pictures are in color.
nothing has changed .tttheonlydifference ? ttthepicturesare in color .”
nothing has changed. the only difference ? the pictures are in color. ”
good god you have a low iq.
look at all those niggers with no jobs
is same and worse. we are libertarians ...
nothing has changed. the only difference ? the pictures are in color.
amerika appears to be awash in all manner of . much of it state-sponsored .
man is the wrong color for that too.
certainly not if i thought it
appears to be awash in all manner of. ”
police love drunk white people and innocent black people
appears to be awash in all manner of. much of it state-sponsored.
appears to be awash in all manner of. much of it state-sponsored. ”
hearing about that less and less.
yea and that is not rocket science.
disarm the police rt : ppl dont want ur " protection " anymore !
disarm the police rt ppm do not want ur “ protection “ anymore !
congrats on your tweet !
late reporting from : " unrest " outside police station . when white people do it , it is a
i am sure it is unrest, not unjustifiably so though.
i do not think they know the difference ! white people do not protest at a vigil !
so let me get this right - cops shoot an unarmed kid then put the town under effective martial law
perhaps you did not notice the skin color of the victim or the protesters
great piece from about the role of racial segregation in places like
. is afflicted with the evils of racism, prejudice, discrimination, & amp ; govt tyranny.
that shows white people making i❤️ shirts ? i do not think so.
that picture causes me near physical pain
on dub amp ; ban martha in áiteachaí mar ferguson ”
stop race call a spade this is government tyranny plain and simple
the black community needs to settle themselves. racism was gone 30 yrs ago ... grow up ?
rt great piece from about the role of racial segregation in places like
this country is not run by whites. it is run by corrupt bankers called the federal reserve.
this is what i call great the truth
whites typically have it easier in a country run by whites. seriously, why would not they ?
privilege is what makes all the difference. not competing with you over who suffers more !
this picture really makes me feel sick to my stomach.
the white residents literally started making i love (heart symbol) t-shirts behind shooting.
eh. during those were the 1st neighborhoods they confiscated the guns. we are all slaves
my god my god what a touching moment, no justice no peace !!!!!
this article also supports coats is essay “ the case for reparations “
i have personally known whites who lost everything, come back and pass me. privilege.
great piece from about the role of racial segregation in places like
will not b by pd anymore thank protesters rt & amp ;
those of us old school do. education is the ruination of america !
agreed but public education was the 1st step. and they succeeded. we slept then.
you have proof of this ? link ? source ?
thought i was looking at a pix from birmingham , alabama in 1963 but nope i was looking at missouri
featuring your post here thanks !
well duh. the truck did not have that front bumper guard in 63.
and i thought i was out of tears for now ...
yep ... i saw that pic yesterday ... sad
. what do you expect police to do ? nothing ?
this is profound
solidarity with protesters in mo.
not even remotely close. i want justice for the family, and a full investigation, but ...
rioting and looting is evil and does not = the new civil rights movement !
hip hop stepping up . listen to be free dedicated to
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to ” (loving this
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to ”
support new music feat. fedarro - no justice no peace
hip hop black males are the number one target hand up ! (prod by linker by
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to ” -- yes !!!
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to ” -- sgt ;
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to ”
hip hop stepping up. listen to be free dedicated to ”
this would help tremendously .
wow this would help tremendously. ”
this would help tremendously. ”
this would help tremendously. ”
similar stats for cops forced to keep cameras on the dash of their cruisers
damn. rt wow : this would help tremendously. ”
funny how things change when your watched on your watch
yup we need more of that. “ : amazing what happens w/ forced accountability ”
amen. rt this would help tremendously.
amazing what happens forced accountability
how police treat white supporter vs an unarmed black teen . wonder why ?
. guess your “ gig is over then since you established yourself as an anti-white ?
it is 2014 amp ; you anti-whites are still denying white genocide & amp ; your anti-white-ism ?
it is called white privilege. what war on whites ??? smh
this is funny. really ur serious ?
as a white woman, so do i. this whole thing is humiliating.
reverse discrimination is a white pretense for bigotry or stupidity ! 👻
they like the white guy more ?
take your sick jokes back to the sewer ok ?
where from and what is your age ?
no need to answer. i will forward your stuff to twitter so they can investigate.
i am above personal attacks. let is discuss your antiwhiteism instead ?
absolutely i require no justification for stupid jokes. you wanna apologize for theft ?
fuck yes considering all the “ jokes “ made about minorities for last few centuries.
mother fucker this guy is another troll-bot account eliciting responses to feed hate-wing media.
white privilege is an anti-white conspiracy theory.
so you use i am white “ to justify your anti-white-ism ?
no i never said you are racist just misinformed
does white end when u turn every white country nonwhite ?
he is also blocked me because i like my women darker than he does. racist fuck.
i totally agree. i would if i lived nearby.
as a ' white ' man, i am outraged, and weep, with you.
lets use this anger to hold the swine in charge accountable. and end discrimination.
yes. he is a white supremacist. clearly the met is muddling his brain.
i think they are called rednecks low
why do you feel sorry for white people who oppose their genocide & amp ; anti-whites ?
what aspect of opposing and white genocide makes one an “ idiot “ ?
go shoot the brown kids @ the border
one question do you support anti-whites using the hash tag to make sick anti-white jokes ?
. what aspect of opposing you anti-whites/white genocide is “ racist “ ?
it is same reverse discrimination perpetrated on whites by righteous right-wing gop !
some of my best friends are white
now u use humor is survival trait “ to justify sick anti white jokes ?
yes way too intelligent 4 me. good bye.
witness speaks the truth about shooting in … …
i do not see anyone stopping you !
stuck your white pride where it belongs
witness speaks the truth about shooting in … …
u do not deny white genocide - ur just upset that i bring it up
u use my best friends are white “ to justify white genocide ?
obvious amp blatant denial is another tendency and perk of white privilege “
. so u use jokes made about minorities “ to justify your sick anti white jokes ?
i am above discussing pals ' private lives. let is talk about why u support white genocide.
you poor little you just need some attentions do not you ?!
fucking what idiot decided to make that a thing ?
do you make those sick anti white jokes in front of white children ?
your opinion i am racist “. ur just saying that b/c i am white
i believe concerned citizens need to descend upon ferguson and peacefully protest this horror.
how police treat white supporter vs an unarmed black teen. wonder why ? ”
u do not deny antiwhiteism & amp ; whitegenocideu just get upset that i point this out
please describe my anti-white “ jokes. i have yet to post any.
trying to figure out what went wrong in your life to make u think so ignorant and backwards
is not just another lonely anglo child crying out for attention !
agreed. it makes me sick to my stomach.
white genocide ..... holy smokes, are you a parody twitter account lao
if you are not then why do you call pro-whites “ idiot “ ?
is making the look like a and more like & amp ; racist pound
why are you so afraid to discuss your anti-white-ism and white genocide ?
the have been coming out of the sewer in masses to make sick anti white jokes
. you use diversity “ to chase down majority-white countries until they are nonwhite
he looks like a cop off duty.
if michael brown had shot and killed a police officer , would his identity be kept secret for his &
i suppose that is depending on the circumstances of the situation
absolutely his name amp ; pic would be plastered everywhere !
i think he is the cop in ferguson. that is why they ai not releasing name.
hell no. police would release him in a heartbeat !!!!!
hell no they would let media get his name the minute it happened.
congrats on your tweet !
his family were arrested in the weeks after. george zimmerman is alive.
he will be on the front page and the officer name would be in small bold letters
and his address would be listed.
do you believe that police would gather in protest and openly threaten the families lives ?
if there was a bunch of social media threats and riots it would be.
were there threats of murdering the suspects ' family ? was the suspect know/in custody ?
people in the street shouting " no justice , no peace " and blocking a kinloch police car from passing
worlds 1st site rake astrology cricket share commodity global market election prediction
that are we the people demand freedom dismantle the plantations ! by any means necessary ♥
worlds 1st site rake astrology cricket share commodity global market /
the media are controlled by government. their told what to air.
take the cops out. let is have some people power
brave people. i would not put it past that police force starting shooting people down.
i will be on with in about 15 mins discussing and . tune in .
ask him if a resident of can place and under citizens arrest ?
i will be on with in about 15 mind discussing and. tune in.
does mike brown being a suspect change the fed actions on wednesday ? more than 1 injustice here.
thank you for the coverage ! much much appreciated !!
call him brought just for grins, he will love it !
why more lies the store video speaks volumes ??
oh god. good luck.
is there anywhere i can watch this online ?
i am watching ready to hear some common sense today.
the fed showed their predisposition towards violence wed despite press presence. talk about mind sets.
why has no reporter interviewed the ' brown ' convenience store wouldesi ' owner in , robbed by michael brown
they did he said he did not steal anything
because they do not think he counts. he is not a real minority
poor guy probably does not want to be lynched if heaven forbid he calls the deceased a criminal.
because he fears for his life, can you blame him ?
because the scum making this incident into something it is not want to show brown as a church boy
was expressing love and gratitude to the store owner for letting him steal. peace love harmony
leave your racism in or better yet leave it at home.
take your crap back to your muslim homeland and it is not canada
they he said he had not been robbed.
i would bet he feels a little safer today with another criminal off the streets ! wow !
but also does not narrative of sweet gentle giant who the big bad police murdered
he is probably afraid of his store being looted and burned. fear of unknown.
agitators have to quickly meet to revise narrative. so once upon a time ...
dont let irrational thoughts lead you , dr. king is non violent movement got results . what has violence ever
and what facts do we know about the training of these officers regarding molotov cocktails ?
words mean shit. am tired of seeing my ppm blame a condemn a kill.
and more what has the training done to the officers ' ability to handle this correctly ?
thank you you are too much ! 😊
and or is not violent. is.
practice what you preach
he is so far removed from reality, i can not even deal with his bs
media blackout i watch it lives every night !
king non violent ways mixed with malcolm extreme ways made it happen. .
we are not where we want/should be but we are not where we used to be !
keep your hands to yourself and no one will have to get their a$$ beat. period !!
please do even if they are black, brown, white or any variation.
amen i agree with you 120% peace is necessary
... u got a point here ...
they do not care about facts
media blackout is never a good idea
what have candled lit vigils and you chasing caskets gotten us ?
i hear what u saying. that only worked short term. we him for long term respect
black folks ' but it sure works for them crackers
we all need to move to the present. people are peacefully protesting now, rev. al.
race batter. what have you contributed to society & amp ; not just your pocket.
follow local less bias more facts
it got you a lot in crown heights
folks are exhausted and need relief.
you read my mind. i hope so. i hope there is dash cam.
national network ... what can we do to proactively effect change ?
a change is going to come !
u should shoot no matter what color their skin is.
well from the looks of looting, word “ paid “ comes to mind low
my column an execution in ferguson :
after this i knew that i could no longer speak against the violence in the ghettos
call weeping neighbors a mob -- & gt ; paint a picture of a violent community came from -- &
. and if this goes to court, put on trial and not the officers.
has been on that tactic ... and jumped on it without checking at
this exactly how the greater st louis area justifies its violence
image of protester throwing tear gas back at police , wearing the american flag , is amazing .
and with lays potato chips in the other hand.
i wonder if he knows it is illegal and disrespectful to wear the american flag.
image of protester throwing tear gas back at police, wearing the american flag, is amazing.
regardless of what color you are ; the militarized police response here is bonechilling
over the top. doubling down on wrongness ! someone said : these killings r connected.
regardless of what color you are ; the militarized police response here is bone chilling ”
it would definitely be interesting.
take a good look at the military-level equipment of this local police force mt :
regardless of what color you are ; the militarized police response here is bone chilling
it looks like does not it !
look at the way that fucker is glaring @ citizens
regardless of what color you are ; the militarized police response here is bone chilling ” wow
we are seeing , in high relief , why we need a federal government .
ha do not start thinking of the federal government as a crime fighting superhero just yet !
president blacks way worse off under obama “ a record 1/3 in severe poverty
we are also seeing why wants to get rid of government.
oh you are stuck on party affiliation ... not good. go take a nap.
but also why we need stronger communities too ! it is a complicated but necessary brew
you would be correct if you were factual. scram.
mike might have been shoplifting “ and/or “ jaywalking “ !
we are in high relief, why we need a federal government. ”
and the fourth estate to keep it healthy
' and we are seeing why others wish to eliminate it !
speak gospel “ to ya, mr. link less.?
we are in high relief, why we need a federal government. ”
but can not all the residents of ferguson just move to a different state ? /snark
then will you stop aiding in the daily corporate media trashing of our federal government ?
food stamps (usda):' 08 $38b13 = $80b14 = $124bus census : obama breaks 50yr poverty record
real . rt : this . struck . a . chord .
reality rt real. rt : this. struck. a. chord.
damn rt real. rt : this. struck. a. chord.
real. rt this. struck. a. chord.
rt shameful “ for these cops killing young black men for nothing
real. rt this. struck. a. chord. ”
real. rt : this. struck. a. chord. ”
yep ... so real i am a hash tag that !
wow rt damn rt : real. rt : this. struck. a. chord.
no-fly zone over mo bans news copters from reporting on protests anyone gotta drone ?
they are pointing guns at innocent protesters ! we are worse than !
need more smart thinking on how drones can help protesters ! - getting started on that @
wow just fucking wow !
we need to send 100 is of drones see how the govt feels when we spy on them
... there is the little problem of the constitution ....
i swear the police are the real terrorists ! stop them !!!
what you need is a hack of every single cctv and get it broadcast live
zone over mo bans news copters from reporting on protests ... anyone gotta drone ? ”
this includes drones .... as my dui phantom was confiscated.
zone over mo bans news copters from reporting on protests gotta drone ?
hey cameras can give away valuable military secrets, putting mine-resistant tanks at risk.
drones will probably be picked off
this is me -- i am an american academic at a european university
" do not shoot ! "
this rt do not shoot ! “
25 fans your tweet has been favorite by 25 people.
be a journalist and do your research.
look like a scene of israel killing kids in gaza
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
250 fans your tweet has been favorite by 250 people.
police need to start wearing video cameras mandatory ! cut in california district by 60% !
100 fans your tweet has been favorite by 100 people.
do not shoot ! “ again exactly
legitimates arrest legacy of civil rights) which police must deal with it.
my op doc please watch and share
what is weak the political cartoon ? are you paying any attention ?
" race relations are a top priority right now , " says police chief .
and by race relations “ he means “ cops in riot gear “. right ?
could have fooled me.
it appears that the reporters are putting him in the hot seat.
step 1 quite murdering unarmed children.
race relations are a top priority right now, “ says police chief.
will they be trained in this effort ??
' right now ' should have always been a priority
this is not just a race relation issue.
this guy is going to resign soon, right ?
michael brown was due to begin classes at vatterott college tomorrow . his mother mourns his loss :
how many more images like this ?!? every american should be outraged
sure looks like an angry mob
mother there is too many of you crying
. . the black communities have to arm themselves. the nra was right.
rt brown was due to begin classes at vatterott college tomorrow. his mother mourns :
in we have issues with the rcmp used to have but it “ disappeared “
if you do not feel for her, you are not human.
brown was due to begin classes at vatterott college tomorrow. his mother mourns his loss :
notice : 0 evidence of " kill the police " chant in but all news outlets report it , yet
but the reported looting and general chaos is cool tho right ?
no-fly zones , military police , teargas , censorship , machine guns . in response to the murder of an
it is in response to the riots & amp ; violence but we are still fucked
the peaceful protesters were met with heavy-handed police enforcement.
almost as if they think they are an oil company.
the police actions are in response to rioters in the street, not peaceful protesters.
the police department thinks it is a joke
disastrous lack of leadership from the governor of missouri
all true amp ; applies at scale - but it is also not complete. ...
they may think otherwise after fed investigation. peace to
if they are marching or mobilizing at night that is wrong, esp after earlier looting.
thank u for clarifying. i am with u on that point 😊
no comment about police or the shooting. my comment stands. i support peaceful protest.
this is just another day here in pakistan.
what is she think first lady, black,??
most people i know it need not be this way. * we * are not fucked,...
7 things to know about the new guy running things in :
he is a leader needed by his community. draft this man to run for office ! 🇺🇸💙
7 things to know about the new guy running things in : ”
7 things to know about the new guy running things in :
7 things to know about the new guy running things in : ”
translation blacks are happy they have a black face to run the show. like victor hill ...
interesting insight by 7 things to know about the new guy running things in
still conflicting reports about death of the witness . police say it is not true . tempers are rising here
a woman who was trying to get her kids out, i heard.
are you kidding me wtf is going on there !? the govt needs to step in now !
so where is the witness ? where is mike brown is friend ?
how are they saying he died ? shot ?
" your right to assemble is not being denied . " police are telling residents now that everything is totally
while laser sighting down on the protesters in front of them. live stream
i hope they put away the tear gas, rubber bullets and batons when they said that
cops are out of control in this country !
is that a. 50 caliber being pointed at them
the police officers are supposed to serve and protect ! not oppress !
this blatant abuse of power should frighten every citizen regardless of color/gender/orientation
thanks for tweeting out the stream and ya i heard that and like saying what ?
giggling can be heard between megaphone statements
that was the funniest thing i have heard in a few days ! but in the worst way ...
yet they are telling people to leave or be arrested. lolwut ?
these police need to be hauled into the state capitol and charged with civil rights violations.
' not open for discussion'—swat tells protesters in to leave ( photo : )
there has not been rioting or looting for over 48hrs .... so what are you talking about.
i am serious. those policemen sitting atop an armored car are not worried about being shot.
where does shooting unarmed men for walking in the street get you ?
how does that make you feel ?
calling out swat is not lessening tensions. it may escalate it
lots of people were only one got dead.
or prohibiting the petitioning for a governmental redress of grievances “
honestly this shit started cause he stole some ditches from the store and he was walking in the street
a cacophony of echoes.
who is liberal what is a liberal ? why are you reducing this issue to party politics ?
reminds me of apartheid south africa 1960 ...
the range of a hand gun is far less than the rifle on too of the armored vehicle.
and what are you suppose to do when people start tearing shit up ... let them ?
to be honest what needs is for you to go there and be a cop, not me.
then go offer your expert advise. tyrell your naive to what is going on. wake up
thank you. national guard is on its way now as well. should be interesting.
all it takes is one moron to do something stupid.
i am guessing an interview since its on fox news is not valid ?
the police in are one negligent discharge away from total catastrophe.
i did a cursory search on the web, found nothing to corroborate the chief is statement.
are you serious the police have been shot at every night since mike brown was shot.
the more militarized police get ...
' not open for discussion'—swat tells protesters in to leave (photo
law ... interfering with the right to peaceably assemble “ amendment 1
people really worried about getting shot do not sit exposed on top of armored cars.
the old fox news. thanks for that.
i have no problem i just do not understand where rioting and breaking shit gets you
insane logic is not it ?
welcome to fascist & amp ; enjoy !
i suspect it is because it did not happen. but ok.
ideologies are not black and white nor set in stone most people have blends of multiple
the police department no it is an individual with a gun that enforces laws on others legally
who in their right mind has complete endorsement of the system ?
those cops on line in do not have riot shields and batons . they have rifles . the only thing
you really make me want to shoot some shit.
wait what is the first rule of gun safety ? “ do not talk about gun safety “ ?
i was just saying how they look eerily similar to the battle rattle that we would wear
never point a weapon at anything you do not intend to shoot. “ rule actually.
i’m watching this live stream … this is ridiculous man. they out here like an army unit.
treat every weapon as if it were loaded. “
even in military riot control training we put away our rifles and train with batons and shields.
thanks for standing up for fairness, and safe protection
kind of what got them into this situation in the first place ...
a journalist was shot with wooden pellets. maybe the guns have those instead of bullets.
right so many gun safety ppm have told me that
oddly they are completely peaceful (this time)
yeah. if something does not go wrong w/that set-up it will be a miracle.
here are 50 questions ! about report released today in , please read ” . check them out !!!
here are 50 questions about report released today in, please read ”. check them out !!!
they need to be asked.
excellent work. so many more questions than answers.
could witnesses be afraid to get turned in for other crimes
if this is an area of high crime rate or not
you are formulating a strategy imperative to this case.
excellent questions. anticipating the answers.
i commend you. someone in ferguson please hear this voice with relevant, pertinent questions.
happening right now in :
thanks for getting these out. this pic says so much.
because the police need equipment like that. rt : happening right now in :
why are they pointing guns at demonstrators ????
rt happening right now in :
happening right now in : ” and this is the usa in 2014
happening right now in : ” wt
ready for this unarmed crowd.
i still can not understand why there is a cop on top with an assault weapon
holy shit that is a m4 !?
happening right now in : ”
when did it become to treat protesters this way ? : happening right now in : ”
wow happening right now in : ”
if they have no intentions on murder why have fully automatic weapons pointed at peaceful protesters ?
it looks like the feds need to come in to control the cops !
happening right now in : ” smhsmhsmh
i suppose the next step will be for the police to put armed drones in the air.
please cover this. we can not trust other news media.
happening right now in : ”
despite the terrible ridiculousness of this, i hope it inspires more people to come out in support.
this police militarization needs to stop.
equipped like this though ? rt : happening right now in :
amazes me these oath keepers point guns at unarmed citizens like they are insurgents
happening right now in : ” this is insane.
happening right now in : ” holy shit look at this
rt happening right now in : ”
those terrorists trying to do everything to intimidate people. he looks like a dumb ass.
why is there a guy manning a machine gun on an armored car ? wtaf ???????
it is definitely no chill with the police out there ... sh
i could swear that this is a scene from do the right thing.
give them all those toys and they will find reasons to use them.
is going on wtf is the city thinking ? “ : happening right now in : ”
what. rt happening right now in :
looks more like northern all the time rt : happening right now in : ”
can you send link news station ?
happening right now in : ” ago seriously !? this is ridiculous
happening right now in : ” sickening
ever heard the term ? definition : rt : : happening right now in :
: " i think the focal point here still remains to determine how and why was killed and to seek
the fact that folks would even have to make that point is the point ...
whether assaulted in cruiser does not change fact of death by multiple shots 35 feet away, right ?
so release all the relevant reports, not just selective one is to bolster a smear campaign.
and if the use of force model was applied correctly.
clearly we should just let people steal whatever they want, then resist arrest upon police arrival
no matter what color you are ... the murder by cop in is wrong . let is stand together ,
then he should not have broken the law and he should not have run from the police.
course it is wrong !!!!!!!
happening now : denver , colorado .
rallies in solidarity and to remember victims of violence, per organizers. story :
happening now denver, colorado. ”
happening now denver, colorado. ” yes ! american civilians for the win ⭐️🌆🗽🌃🌉 🚔🚨🚓
why we fight 2005 documentary about the military industrial complex
happening now via
national moment of silence “ august 14, to remember michael brown is death in ferguson mo
happening now denver, colorado. ”
happening now denver, colorado. ”
happening now denver, colorado. up !
curious why not 1 week but if it clams things down k
happening now
happening now denver, colorado. ” 😊
but what changes the same thing over and over again.
students at howard university show solidarity w michael brown and protestors in
so that is still ?
time to end police militarization now !
students at university show solidarity w michael brown and protesters in ”
do not worry we are from the internet ....
do not worry we are from the internet .... ” polka necklace so pizza
that mask is no different from the democrat hoods.
this man is the epitome of a law enforcement officer.
great update see it live here :
do not worry we are from the internet .... ”
do not worry we are from the internet ....
do not worry we are from the internet .... ”
brown by birth anonymous to society
poor captain has to deal with all those animals
that made me choke on my soda, came through nose. lmao
lead by example. sgt ; & lt sgt ;
arrest being made . chambers and w . florissant right now .
is not this in the area of sweetie pies ?
who is being arrested and for what ? will you be arrested too ?
any idea if those people were the shooters ?
are the arrests in regard to the shooting, or protesters ?
arrests related to shooting stay safe & amp ; hope you are getting a little rest.
and hands to stay linked and in union !!
arrest being made. chambers and w. florissant right now. ”
journalists being arrested in . this aggression will not stand , man rt : just saw two reporters in ferguson
freedom of the press apparently does not mean shit these days.
who do they work for ? or are they ' citizen ' journalists ?
for those of us who can not be there ... what can we do ??
if this aggression by pd goes unpunished it will merely be the beginning of much worse things nationwide.
yet a smith is not one of them.
an old professor of mine told us to always keep cash in your sock for bail
i just missed that. what is this country.
welcome to the new world order.
stewart drives over guy kills him . news is everywhere . cops fire 10 bullets into unarmed black . not
love their more than anything else
i migrated over in my grandfathers not sack. you moron.
another how about fighting the lawlessness of police action period.
or they dislike their black youth more than anything else.
but i think we both know a white guy in khakis would have been safe
witnesses say 10. his mom said 8, but that will be confirmed by coroner, i guess
you assume i am white. you assume wrong.
crowd near site of shooting chants " hands up , do not shoot . "
in 2013 pentagon transferred $449m worth of property to law enforcement also,
crowd near site of shooting chants “ hands up, do not shoot. “ ”
i love black people. say it loud
a restrainer set. he does it for love.
it is sickening blessings to those hurting, thanks to those mobilizing.
do not let this be detroit 1967 all over again.
the cops have been watching too many swat shows with all that gear
crowd near site of shooting chants “ hands up, do not shoot. “
that is not a heart in the guys back. that is handcuff zip ties
amp far worse than wrong imo. it is an abomination !
police’s pr stunt poisons independent and impartial investigation
police’s pr stunt poisons independent and impartial investigation
robbery had nothing to do with cop shooting this teen while he had his hands up.
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
police’s pr stunt poisons independent and impartial investigation pd just blew it. again.
you are defiling the legacy of the civil rights movement and your own legacy.
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
what are the cops doing ?
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
came out against the governor is decision 2 send state troopers 2 take control
police’s pr stunt poisons independent and impartial investigation ”
police’s pr stunt poisons independent and impartial investigation ”
my column arrest wilson arrest him now !! :
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
wow ... a man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police . pic by
while holding his locally made chips in the other.
. exactly decent clothes shoes flag shirt chips in hand.
damn ... that is ... yeah. no words.
one for the history books ...
peep flock in the back cheering him on.
congrats on your tweet !
very appropriately he is wearing an american flag. let protesters protest ! this is america !
looks like something out of arab spring .... well, minus the american flag shirt. nice pic !
and simple things this is a joke
while eating a bag of chips. impressive
i just yelled laughed good for him !!!!!
wow ... a man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police. pic by
and kept his chips. : pic by ”
while holding a bag of chips.
what the what via man throws burning tear gas can back at police pic by
a man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police. pic by
that should win an award ... very powerful
he real said shit ira protest but fuck if i get hungry i got them flaming hots
he is holding a bag of chips 💀💀💀
it like for black america. in harlem nyc black men stop frisk without committing crime.
he totally did ... amp ; has on his flag shirt ... that is hilarious.
what a picture and the flag shirt !
hell yeah rt while eating a bag of chips lao.
a chip bag in his other hand too 😂
must be grips. i not dropping my grips either !
while eating a bag of chips lao.
congrats on your tweet !
i sorry. you cool though 😁
rt a man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police.
tweet of the new millennial mr. steele. great job
man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back @ police. pic by ”
some drunk shit i would do in da future lbs.
awesome buy that man a beer.
no arrests last night in ( per )
i just watched the governor and the police on and they are going to release the name today
share it if you against police brutality
just a and 3 damaged cops cars so far
it is about time. they are going to confirm the name
it is fault. : no arrests last night in (per) “
nobody was doing anything wrong except for that nazi fuck who shot and thinks its funny.
no arrests last night in (per) ” & lt ; --- nice
no arrests last night in (per)
no arrests last night in (per) ” 👍👍👍
police in armored trucks/riot gear in unsuccessfully trying to get demonstrators to leave .
goes to show how law abiding everyone is there ....
look at refused to respond to king riots.
police in armored gear in unsuccessfully trying to get demonstrators to leave.
and by.
god bless you ms. for covering this inhumane events ! making mockery of the
they should require them to be in a 2nd amendment zone
these are brutal animals not acting like law enforcement woman cuffed and being kicked by cop ?
is this or this is, to kill an & amp ; now the community mourning with
repeatedly these peaceful protests have been riots with looting. police have to show up.
this is turning into a mess. something needs to defuse this soon.
what chief of police thomas jackson did was outrageous !
what happened i could not watch press conference.
he is useless at this point.
and he can take the mayor with him !
not only outrageous but sheer incompetence so many questions, so little answers as the lies get debunked
what chief of police jackson did was outrageous !
' outrageous ' does not begin to describe it. makes no sense.
. police chief must resign now.
never jump to conclusions not knowing the full facts of the case
yet sadly expected. straight out of the giuliani playbook.
he just contradicted himself and totally just put that tape out to smear !
making a bad situation much worse.
what chief of police thomas jackson did was outrageous ! ” this is unreal !
and let is be honest : if an unarmed white male was gunned down by police , the nra and
so true. i am really sick and tired of this.
wow even sillier. do you have a serious thought regarding significant events ?
you the bigger the belly the bigger the response.
hypothetical cause white people are not committing 90% of the crime in this country
can you give an example of that ever happening ?
that is no matter the circumstances. such hypocrisy.
i do not think the nra cares about anyone unless it is someone armed.
not if there were video of him robbing a store !!!
that is why they are pushing that crap about militarized police ' to hedge their bet.
and there be national coverage calling for the head and badge of said officer.
agreed. which is why we had to protest and the do had to get involved
i want to see more pictures of the fucked up businesses.
depends. it is happened disgustingly often here (albuquerque) but they were homeless/mentally ill
doubtful for sure. bet your butt they will be on the next one !
police response in very concerning, very wrong.
notice how they bring out the attack dogs ?
never see attack dogs when runs protest
is and country. of course they brought dogs.
grateful to person who retrieved family pic ! fortunately there were no ongoing doggy-dos at time !
same tactics ' rt : notice how they bring out attack dogs ? ”
i grew up in rocky river ! what is up ?
notice how they bring out the attack dogs ?
welcome to being black in america
. this is what foreign tourists see even before deplaning ! fly on !!!
notice how the cop is using the same hand signal used for dogs.
does not the attack dogs bring back memory of selma & amp ; montgomery alabama civil rights era ?
on pure optics having a dog there looks terrible
if they do not have negative view of history they should have head examined
notice how they bring out the attack dogs ? or2014 ?
rip democracy !! civil rights movement still unfinished . solidarity with
this is how the police show that the continual claims of excessive force are exaggerated.
cops want this like re :
enough said ... gt ;
these are policed or national guard ?
rip democracy civil rights movement still unfinished. solidarity with
local prosecutor deciding whether to charge killer cop thinks cops were doing a great job this week . danger
hey bobby the majority of welfare recipients r out n your white bread world
is it just one prosecutor is decision whether he is charged ?
is this guy if not, can we fire him ply
i was banging on about this ad nauseam last night
local prosecutor deciding whether to charge killer cop thinks cops were doing a great job this week. danger
hey low why do not volunteer 2 ride herds on some night ?
with that statement he is on short list of people that should b kept off this case.
i feel like this is the da from the zimmerman trial all over again .....
good. keep it up
wow this is such a surprise {snark} . sounds like prosecutor ck the is name
the case needs a special prosecutor. preferably appointed by the people and not the racist politicians
good. thank heaven for the parallel federal investigation. cc
photo taken by " thanks for the advice " -
all i can saw is wow ✌✌✌👏👏👏
killing unarmed person is but this is our daily life in palestine
photo taken by thanks for the advice “ -
we needed this kind of advice !
photo taken by “ thanks for the advice “ - ”
wow ! police tell a resident a girl was shot in the head , she asks by who , partner
yes. you do not show up to those protests.
the police department thinks it is a joke
why would one officer put his hand over the mouth of another officer
in whites are responsible for the vast majority of violent crimes.
. and it is the black cop who silences him.
keep getting these videos. the people need to see the interactions with these pig cops.
they do not make the news ! that is the point !
as the largest racial whites commit the majority of crimes in america.
old he say it was not them. the “ peaceful protesters “ did it.
helps those arrested in order to connect them to lawyers , relay messages ...
helps those arrested in order to connect them to lawyers, relay messages ...
put it out mans. distribute
rt helps those arrested in order to connect them to lawyers, relay messages ... “
federal grants drive cop militarization : in ' 12 st. louis county got bearcat armored vehicle , other goodies
i bet they were just dying to use their new toys and play rambo.
but they did not manage to grab a single dash cam ?
the war on drugs “ provides cops with almost limitless assets :
why do not the cops end this now arrest the murder give them something
glad we have the necessary resources this came in handy during sandy in nj !
i had to know what quasi is. are there terrorists in ? is this misappropriation ?
current situation in
brains trust seems to be converging on this as the most likely candidate :
is it an attack by isis ? bet the kurd wish they had that armament.
you sure that is not gaza !?
good point bring in the national guard and take these racist pigs out
wow. we do not see this in poor little whoville. barney fife still works here
is that the is this a flashback to russia in the 1930 is ?
i just can not get past the wrongness of this comment :
what ever happened to not pointing your weapon unless you were ready to shoot ?
i would be honored to buy that “ nut “ a beer.
so sniper rifle me check with friends) not heavy weapons. yeah not much better.
it is a zone. seriously, i am not kidding.
where the is the federal government, they letting these cops do whatever the ok they want
an 2014. rt : current situation in
current situation in ” cc :
making the met and greater manchester look good.
i wonder how much salary a teacher earns in that town vs police rt : current situation in
this is what looks like. (btw : funds and supports this)
you would think this was taking place at the southern boarders.
what the hell this looks more like the middle east than …
current situation in are they waging war against ??!!
he signed the yes ?
that is a generic statement referring to the illegitimate charge of racism when the root is simple disagreement.
2 reporters may have been arrested. media will be all over it. let is all go
gotta use surplus bush era dds equipment
current situation in ” my god
sniper when does air support come in ?
what do you think is the cause ?
sighting down on civilians - wt !
why why is that heavy duty swat truck needed ! this is bullshit.
looks about right. clearest photo i have seen here :
. that is a light machine gun ; why the fuck do polish have a light machine gun ?
i thought police were their to protect us not slaughter and beat us
or does he cue music dun data
it hurts so much to see all the footage from st. louis. unbelievable.
is this mo in the usa ? looks more like syria where they gas/jail/kill protesters !
i sure would not put myself in such a vulnerable position, would you ?
is it still bad we are outside.
martial law or just military presence ? both are cause for concern.
our state : current situation in ”
when did county police get camouflage ? rt : current situation in
current situation in ” totally fucked up
since urban large scale events became common. our standard uniform now is tactical.
st. county police “ preparing for the zombie invasion. rt current situation in
current situation in ” has ferguson declared war on its residents ?
i remember seeing that. do you need a no fly zone, right ?
all this for a peaceful march. “ : current situation in ”
a tank why “ : current situation in ”
this stuff is so common it is getting scary.
current situation in ”
the real problems are going to happen when/if the police officer is found not guilty
why is he aiming the gun with his finger on the trigger ! do something now !
is the officer really aiming with a machine gun at the protesters ?
i am almost speechless and that is hard to do.
this is not going to end well ...
i guess we know now why obama bought all those bullets. its for you !
we were just watching amp ; talking about this, too. wish things would calm down.
it is been for a couple of days now.
current situation in ”
for what. rt : current situation in ”
rt current situation in is unacceptable
what r those so afraid of ? would think they would kill somebody or something !
no dogs and firehouses handy ? “ : current situation in ”
it appears to be another false flag for declaring martial law. pretty sure that is next
all of one bad cop
from the shape of the receiver in that shot i think it is a m110 :
wow current situation in ”
today the world is a world of tyranny and lies . the flag of is borne by enemies of human
is not he a cute little theocracy ?
but we really need ahmadinejad is opinion on this for a true credible source on tolerance !
wow ... even the supreme leader of, ayatollah ali djamena has weighed in on !
how much do you wanna bet that is true in more ways than we will ever really know ?
not at all. it was an important point.
why would you even re tweet a terrorist thought ?!!
yes ... takes one to know one, i guess
we could not even get a statement like that from our black president, obama.
what about your political prisoners ?
i rootlet what is especially from news makers, and this certainly qualifies.
both have reporters as prisoners. the one in ferguson will come out unscathed on tv
. so we agree. what is the point ?
is worse than germany !
us or have little regard for human rights. geo political and cultural factors override.
. for your i just did a rt of the big guy is tweet.
the government is famous for oppressing the world. now he suffers the consequences indoors ! .
you really do have a tremendous amount of chutzpah, given how your regime treats political dissidents.
choosing a black president was apparently a show
. i hear you. although he has every right to do so.
. where are and cc :
exactly. both are the same shit
you are forgetting human rights of afghans and bahia is in iran. hypocrite.
i judge by the facts happening now on the ground in missouri !
. would you clarify what, exactly, are you saying ?
. i suppose you are right. what do they say ? it takes one to know one ?
do not fall for conspiracy theories.
i guess so as long as he acknowledges the same issue in his own yard
you are absolutely right. but this also applies to you.
. my tweet is a reply to the supreme leader is tweeted.
you mean anything has changed by his election ?
so says someone who wants to keep women oppressed. your opinion counts for naught in the west.
wish i could rt that.
seems like an ironic statement coming from him
surely the innocents killed in iraq would be a better example for both sides to ponder.
2009 brutal repression from iranian police and paramilitary operatives beat protesters after rigged elections
god illuminating follow our glorious supreme leader of the islamic republic of iran !
take a look at this list that indicates how frequent the same phenomenon has taken place
is the pot calling the kettle black. hypocrite much ?
you will have moral standing in the area of when you release the political prisoners held in even prison
rt the flag of is borne by enemies of human rights w/us leading them !
is a big with lots of contradictory realities. obama is elections are also meaningful.
are a country of intolerance and lies
. there is a kernel of truth to is tweeted because the us record is far from good.
what about killing scores of kurd, leftists, and political prisoners, and oppressing women ?
. you trying to torture me !?
. i much prefer hearing this form. some people can not stand both of ' em.
the sights and sounds from , missouri are unbelievable :
the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ” fucking pigs
the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ” wt ???
the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ” fuck the cops
stole the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ”
the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ” wow
this is what freedom looks like
this is i hope everyone is aware of what is going on right here in the us
the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ” that is sad
the sights and sounds missouri are unbelievable :
the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ” shitty
this is what we have waiting for decades
the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable : ” wt
this is the sights and sounds from, missouri are unbelievable ”
to protect and serve and stamp out disobedience.
the sights and sounds from ferguson, missouri are unbelievable ” wow man just wow
the police have not interviewed the primary eye witness to michael brown is murder & amp ; they will not
saw the same reported on hsbc by. was on location in intend by.
maybe because they are still trying to stop people from looting stores and burning them down
it was reported on crawl (by someone on twitter) that fbi have interviewed him.
responding to the brown case !
1 witness said in chest under surrender. both hands in the air !
so they are not going to release the cops name anymore ?
wrong. his attorney offered the police to interview him and they declined
oh , this new is very emotional , i suggest you take a listen .
this new is very emotional, i suggest you take a listen.
this new is very emotional, i suggest you take a listen. ” brush
this new is very emotional, i suggest you take a listen. ”
brown rt & amp ; let is raise awareness !
follow me. ill follow back asap. (not spam) !
this new is very emotional, i suggest you take a listen. ” 👆
this new is very emotional, i suggest you take a listen. ”
this new is very emotional, i suggest you take a listen. ”
bizarre . police are now refusing to let us into their own press conference regarding .
rt bizarre. police are now refusing to let us into their own press conference regarding.
you sure that is the police
bizarre. police are now refusing to let us into their own press conference regarding. ”
bizarre. police are now refusing to let us into their own press conference regarding. ”
. it must be something about the way you are dressed ....
bizarre. police are now refusing to let us into their own press conference regarding.
police department justice is not here right now “
i fear it is the beginning of things to be. the tightening of the vice of tyranny.
agreed. it is like an epidemic of injustice lately. unbelievable.
no longer taught they serve public but serve a private for-profit company ... like the army ...!
bizarre. police are now refusing to let us into their own press conference regarding. “ h/t
experiment for civil disobedience ?
this is not a war yet police are armed a and approaching like we are in iraq .
read that this is not a war yet .... “
the police in are armed better than those in iraq. this is obscene.
this is not a war yet police are armed a and approaching like we are in iraq.
y'all stay safe as you can.
when will they start the snatch n grab operation ?
unreal. but it is real.
after the other night parts of that city looked like iraq.
is not it is the usa
hope the team stays safe ! you guys do great things !
natl bar : if officers name is not released by monday they will seek court order forcing the release .
agreed but it should not take an eternity to move from one step to the next
the people who are making the threats and those whose participation in rioting has made it life threatening.
target him like he targeted mike brown & amp ; his entire community ?? aww boo- hui.
the court will make decision based on what the police/investigation tells them.
why will it put his family at risk when police said he did note wrong ?
what is more important w name is what actions have been taken against this he n riot gear ?
well then if there is no trial, the us is behind china when it comes to human rights
why act stupid by delaying the release of cop is name ? police chief is a joke
so u think i am looting, rioting and doing all that dumb stuff ?
because you people are already sending death threats and committing acts of violence and looting.
the police know who the cop is. why, right now is his name so important ? ?
who can request the court order ? anybody ?
why so he can be lynched ? this is stupid
not assuming anything here. just asking that we take it one step at a time.
the court will make a decision, 1st the name will be released before trial begins.
not sure the police know anything, the court will tell us
maybe u r one of them
good the person that he murdered is known, by now, to the world !!
do not tell a heartbroken community how to feel , what to say . try listening to them instead .
remember the buddy ranch vs government thing. all this ppm protesting with as they were patriots
use duct tape to mend up their dribbling heart. amateur field dressings are adorable.
no skittles , arizona iced tea , cops on scene . another black teen dead . whats their excuse now
little robots running around.
exactly. lie to cover their ass.
some states made it illegal.
we need all police to have body cameras.
but the constitution will never be restricted !
same as always ... because we can ! “
what law the supreme law is the constitution - 1st amendment - free press, speech, assembly
this sounds very suspect. was he stopped for ? that is what i need to know.
my goal is to one day marry a corporation and have kids
i agree but i do not agree that deadly force was the answer
had to ... he was headed for a gun show.
cops need better and more training for this to stop.
they do have the training they just want to show their egos.
cops have ego and will double down over the stupidest, pettiest of non-criminal annoyances they are dealt
it is always hard to find the truth when lies are put out to bury it.
intimidation is just that scare tactics. sum of the most “ liberal “ states attempt to restrict
one thing certain teen was running very provocatively.
except when corporations become people.
well the just said we can after laws said we could not.
too quick to shoot an unarmed man
from what i have read it states not to share with cop. they can destroy it.
wherein a bunch of guys who served in iraq and afgh look at the cops and say : wtf ?
the question is always reasonable and appropriate force “. and the cops are escalating that situation.
this look like good policing to you ?
this is what i am seeing in the news
read the goddamn coverage. people got gassed in their homes. read something besides the headlines.
we have fundamentally different relationships with authority. let is part pleasantly.
having the press around is one way to prevent police brutality. i will take the trade-off.
... i consider that “ escalation “, to use your sarcasm quotes.
be and go our separate ways.
not even addressing people tear-gassed in their own yards.
no problem with cops being properly equipped. “ reasonably “ but handing out military grade hardware ...
been pleasant this whole time.
that is what i thanks. take care.
not denying there is some looting. always some assholes whenever trouble starts.
questions is fine once the area is calmed but not during a riot, public safety limiting casualties.
because it is not like there was no risk of that in this situation.
but you keep kind of skipping over the “ tear-gassing people in their own yards “
not going to agree. farewell.
nobody burned down the neighborhood “.
confirmed multiple fox lat, washington post.
plenty of reputable reporters on the ground saying the cops were out of control, even local fox affiliate
how about peaceful demonstrations how about people tear-gassed in their own yards ? how about policing ?
good cops deescalate. these guys camped it up.
scary and need to wake up.
but we are not going to convince each other.
important new image in via .
important new image in via. ” childish for thinking this will help low
... rt important new image in via.
this will not go over well with the internet.
important new image in via. ” nice stab at pr but nobody gives a fuck
important new image in via. ” how is this important ?
do not give rob. it is still an important image.
he is smiling around black kids. this changes everything “ rt : important new image in
can not believe this is a real tweet sh rt important new image in via.
is this safe rt : important new image in.
rt important new image in via.
nothing you can do about it.
important new image in via. ” for
... rt : important new image in via .”
but i note they are still separated by police tape
rt important new image in via.
i am just tired. too many long hours now longer sure what is right. ha.
what the hell is important about this ?
why how : important new image in via. ”
pr stunt or reality ... hmm “ : important new image in via. ”
important new image in via. ” 😑
important new image in via. ” they profiling kids now ? got it l !!!!!
lassie by day amp ; cujo by night “ : important new image in via. ”
fucking joke important new image in via. ”
y'all so full a shit man “ : important new image in via. ”
y'all just lost credibility. you are a tabloid now. rt : important new image in.
he wan the dog 😂
even my dog is black “ rt : important new image in via.
he is just letting the dog taste test rt : important new image in via.
important new image in via.
.... important “ : important new image in via. ”
man gets the fuck here dawn “ : “ : important new image in via. ”
important new image in via. ”
important propaganda. please stop.
important new image in via.
this the important one huh rt : important new image in via.
this is a reach rt : ... rt : important new image in via.
important new image in via. this bull shit the fuck outta here
the jig important new image in via. ”
bullshit this is by no means “ important “ rt : important new image in via.
i deleted. the wrong tone. you are right.
please. important new image in via. “
way to remain impartial rt : important new image in via.
rt ... rt : important new image in via.
are you fucking kidding me ? rt : important new image in via.
why is he smiling while he has his k9 attack that kid ?!?!?
though rt : important new image in via.
fuck out of here rt important new image in via.
protestors have crossed the police line in
protesters have crossed the police line in ”
18 yr old unarmed black kid shot by the police when he did not do anything
the sound of the people. , thank you so much for your work reporting on this.
protesters have crossed the police line in ”
someone please remind me what year it is again ?
thank you kindly sir keep fighting the good fight. too many of our young going down.
congrats on your tweet !
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ””
serious i do not understand low i need an explanation
and being illiterate means you can not read or write. get you dumb ass a book
never change rt someone please remind me what year it is again ?
do you know what they did before they brought the dogs out ?
s m f h : someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
rt never change rt someone please remind me what year it is again ?
wit you preaching ass night !
word rt someone please remind me what year it is again ?
someone please remind me what year it is again ?
mt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
so little change has actually endured
what did i do i promise you it must be a misunderstanding !
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
do you know why they brought the dogs out ? ok then
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
hey this is what is threatening :
congrats on your tweet !
no i got that part but i was just wondering what happened in the recent pic
this is twitter dumb all my mentions are open
someone please remind me what year it is again ?
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
so just because they are black they should not be treated as criminals even if they were ?
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
laughing like you pick up books and read
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
where did this take place and when ? fill me in ...
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
cool out it all that brush
fuck you. you go the fuck away.
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ” wow
someone please remind me what year it is again ? . fucking disgusting.
i just said that picture looks familiar !!
i know. they are horrid.
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ?
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
wow ... what a powerful image !
response to grieving community. wow. “ someone please remind me what year it is again ? “
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
stay your dumb ass outta my mentions. 😘
someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
swat police just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id ( via )
this is police harassment of reporters on private property. breathtakingly unconstitutional.
this has gotten way out of hand
i am hearing riot police sgt ; st police r saying it is not swat on the ground.
or are you saying they are militia ?
so they are state or local ... no legal right to question anyone.
this is illegal they need probable cause
it is not swat. appreciate your help but keep it real.
it has. and may get even worse.
congrats gutless execs who grounded their news choppers via a threat. you enabled this.
swat police just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id ” ridiculous
mo. police arrest 2 journalists covering michael brown shooting
thanks for amplifying now shared here
so. who is it must be special police to wear fatigues ... not standard issue.
swat police just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id (via)
swat just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id (via) ”
start passing out copies of the constitution. now !
they even have brown shirts.
mt swat police entered mcdonald is in & amp ; asked journalists for id (via)
why are they all after journalists ?
what the media will not show
what the media will not show will show it though !!
oh my gosh.
this breaks my heart. a beautiful young man
they do not show this of him either.
wait he was not a dangerous thug robbing cigars ?
watching being on the verge of imposing martial law is far better than any reality tv . tune in now
i am just waiting for the lock down order. or the pretext to do it.
plus reality is way better : it is fake.
glad someone noticed about and they chanted boston proud while under martial law !
just gone down at the critical moment
arrest those looters ͡°)
oh good are still tacky assholes.
wish someone would tell the that
this mess of civil rights violations against peaceful people is direct outgrowth of martial law !
true reality right there
this is real and this is happening now !!!
they just now are starting to shoot tear gas and disburse crowd ; someone supposedly threw a bottle
this is a pretty shitty way to frame bearing witness to grave injustices against the people of ferguson.
link not working for me.
the video on the stream is black bro
it is anonymous and thank you for giving us a voice.
pathetic more like it ....
one photo was taken in a failed state whose people live under martial law . the other is from iraq
not a failed state. but martial law indeed.
share it if you against police brutality
good have added it to my website, thanks
fuck me land of the free
police work is sometimes brutal.
i think the cops are better equipped !
the police officer who killed mike brown has been put on paid administrative leave .
which is of course standard police procedure in every police related shooting and michael knows that.
just one officer fired all the shots ?
paid rt police officer who killed mike brown has been put on paid administrative leave.
oh the police officer who killed mike brown has been put on paid administrative leave. ”
the police officer who killed mike brown has been put on paid administrative leave. ”
the police officer who killed mike brown has been put on paid administrative leave .”
and then he gets wt !?
the police officer who killed mike brown has been put on paid administrative leave. ”
histories called. he wants to know if he gets paid vacation too.
has to be paid until investigation complete. union thing
people debating whether shoplifted or not -- it does not matter . shoplifting is not punishable by death in the
says the dude with on his profile page.
legally yes of he is.
legally it is. now stop tweeting your racist excuses at me, please.
i already blocked the dumb ass ...
racists need to believe was a criminal. they criminalize all young black men. he was unarmed.
like always blaming the victim and not holding the officer accountable for being unreasonable
reports say his hands were up and he was walking away when he was shot 10 times
you guess photo of war ? yes , you are right . this is a war between oppressor & amp
you said it before i could ..... true, true.
words are made weak when these actions speak ♪
police force is to the protesters what israel is to : fascistic.
when police are militarized , they go to war with citizens .
putting on military uniforms in a heated situation is downright stupid, and only inflame the situation
keep ignoring systemic structures that keep some from “ competing. “ maybe a riot is just that.
happens naturally not by force ! u r equal to those u r able to compete with.
your social belongs in the last century. all lives are to be respected.
if you arrange people hierarchically by “ compete “ levels, they are not equal.
amp you believe the police “ attacked “ a peaceful crowd ? for the foolish 😔
the militaristic response makes sense if police view residents as being lesser, which is what residents claim.
i agree sadly a lot of wannabe military fake cops who love the show of force. idiots
dehumanizing people is unhealthy. people act according to their conditions. broken societies have desperate people.
when police are they go to war with citizens.
will not put up with racism on my thread. bye bye phipps.
criminals want to distract the issue for their benefit to gain more power.
they have a right to “ assemble “ not property endanger lives & amp ; order matters 😏
we appreciate you and understand the split second decision you have to make daily.
civil servants now equates to civil warriors. nothing like enforcing to blacks that they are the enemy.
understand what i said if you think a will fix anything you support 😔
first comes respect for law and police then you do not have to thugs.
the militarization of police makes meaningful sustained social/political protest nearly impossible = us fascism
an black man is always victim “ is past due shit ended dec 18th 1865
i agree why do not you believe the same ? respect all right or wrong ?
i have no respect for kobe
if you think your employer is exploiting you ? quit and work for your own profit.
yep. that is exactly what it is.
gain power from whom what is being withheld ? accidentally saying ppm are treated unequally ?
a is nothing more than at best ! those who fight it 😏
that was and many of us feel they should have gone in. feds standing back ???
heading to after rally , is mother did not speak , but thanked supporters
bless her heading to after rally, is mother did not speak, but thanked supporters
bless her soul. we are all is mother.
i have 3 kids. i can not imagine.
heading to after rally, is mother did not speak, but thanked supporters ”
the police killed another unarmed black man videos
heading to after rally ,is mother did not speak ,but thanked supporters
indeed ... bless her soul. we are all is mother. ”
open let to pres. blueprint for afrodescendants in us,
do u know how powerful it is 4 blk ppl to be able to tell their own stories in the
pray for his soul.
wrong. a bunch of niggers acting like apes is what is happening in ferguson.
sh that do not make no sense they love to hate us
the destruction and looting is a horrible story. what is gained by that ?
the oppressed stands with the oppressed . stands with .
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with.
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. ” crazy.
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. ”
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. ” ours is cooler
stand tall to the beast of america “ : the oppressed stands. stands with. ”
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. ” do you see a difference ?
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. “
well this is certainly helping calm things
the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with. ”
the killing was live-tweeted . via
this is amazing. rt the killing was live-tweeted. via
if this is true.
the team is looking through these images and tweets.
the killing was live-tweeted. via ” wow
false news can be deadly when apologies by an angry crowd
damn the killing was live-tweeted. via ”
he tweeted that a day later
just awful. the killing was live-tweeted. via ”
amp do not want to contribute to the churn just for the sake of participating.
corroboration are essential while st fresh trails of evidence imho
how did that kid know about the robbery then ? he tweeted that he stole something.
rt the killing was live-tweeted. via
not meant as critique of anyone. again, appreciate how thoughtful were responses to my is
look at his feed. he is been sustaining talk over this for days now
i do not have expertise to contribute on this kind of analysis w/ true skill and integrity
asking the right questions always helps. verification is important
... rt the killing was live-tweeted. via
how does one determine if this is real ? cc :
dude was clearly shook the hell up. surprised it is only breaking now, too
whoa. rt the killing was live-tweeted. … via
yea good point. man what a mess.
just couch your ideas as questions. community is free to ignore questions. perhaps it sparks
the photos time stamps are pretty compelling evidence. what would need to happen to fake this ?
it is all a big nasty circus. the truth will never be known.
is a great resource to see who has similar pictures historically.
apparently he was a witness.
that was common knowledge in the community. check youtube for other witness accounts
how to read peg metadata exit
by doing your you provide incremental bits that others can use to verify, investigate
search image on and look at image metadata, perhaps ? unique seasrchable file nam ?
oh my god the killing was live-tweeted. via ”
i think the good doctor is intuition is perhaps correct ?
cops gun down a 17-year-old in front of you & amp ; lock down your neighborhood with scores of armed
i felt uncomfortable seems to be all the justification needed.
it seems to absurd to be believable but there it is, on video
it is but we have to because they are out of control at this point !!
and he did not even have a foodie, skittles or iced tea ???
thanks for posting this. so tragic.
its a shame we have been forced to record the police otherwise nobody will believe us.
twitter name is fine. i am 37
tragic and unnecessary.
it cannot possibly be that they (cops) did something wrong. smh
and left his body laying there for hours.
they are dragging us into war thinking they can kill like this ! it will not be long.
has not been confirmed yet but some witnesses said cops confiscated phones of people who recorded it
twitter takes about 20 years off you. lol.
can i use this for my article ?
i think i have had enough too, peter. please leave my tl
did that they would think we are going to war. it is not fair
no the local da will call it justified. happened out here ;
this is of the highest order i hope someone got it on their damn phones
37 you look 18.
yup. youngest son of mama and daddy groove
i just submitted it for editing and publishing
god hates because it is wicked and evil.
i can be your mate.
we have to put a stop on these !
yes we do amp ; they can not take our phones as part of damn investigation
it is getting increasingly dangerous to be black while black.
i knew that was gonna happen. we have the right to record the disgusting behavior of the
swat police just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id ( via )
as a what do you think of the use of militarized police shown above ?
mt swat police just entered a mcdonald is in, asking journalists for id (via)
trying to shut down the press, not giving public servants name smells like a cover up at whackarnolds
first question out of anyone is mouth should be “ am i being detained ? “
and if the answer is no ? no id, no answers, no nothing ?
i think it should be compulsory “ mcdonald “
that is why i always eat at a bar if i have to travel on assignment.
what country do we live in again really this is start- 2 feels like a communist country
. since when did cop require swat gear to enter a mcdonald
swat police just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id (via)
is this real holy shit
if the answer is then leave. no id, no answers, no nothing.
what the heck so much for keeping things calm ...
i am not surprised in the slightest.
y'all, present your papers
is that even legal do you have to show id on demand w/ no reason ?
maybe can solve this “ : swat enter mcdonald is, asking jornos4id (via) ”
so now a suspension of first amendment rights.
not without reasonable cause “ to believe they are committing a crime
i saw an open carry gun not refuse to show id and officer let him walk.
luckily this would never happen at michelin 3-star gourmet restaurants because this is america.
i would call that govt sanctioned terrorism
do they think that this is some kind of video game ????
i thought you where going to say “ started asking if the crib was back on menu “
every day from now on will be let the movement begin please re tweet
cops on loud speaker seems to be trying jedi mind tricks on crowd , crowd seems immune to the jedi
cops are mean. not good enough. cops are nice. not good enough. shiggy ziggy do
maybe they should have trained those harder instead of buying armored vehicles.
mind tricks do not work on us, only justice. “
with the crowd the force is ...
again , watch : police fire tear gas on protesters with " hands up " in their own backyard
keys hope this is shown on tv. the truth as to how the cops are behaving
police think they can shoot ppm r tear gas them just 4talkn. they can not !!!
this is who corrupt police do 2residence. police carnot n threat. n their own yard
so is this protecting “ or “ serving “ ?
hey this is how 2 counteract teargases they shoot @ you ! time 2 acts is now !
the police just killed another unarmed black man video
watch police fire tear gas on protesters with “ hands up “ in their own backyard
tell congress to demilitarize local police departments ! & gt ; & gt ; & gt ;
nothing like came clothing to camouflage you against gray asphalt.
if they want to fight, they should volunteer to go to iraq or ukraine.
and what will congress say ? even if you can catch them working ….
tell congress to demilitarize local police departments ! & gt ; & gt ; & gt ;
how america’s police became an army : the 1033 program
military needs to stop giving these idiot kids their used toys
damn this is not america - or so i thought ...
ppl in v sensitive to media descriptions of rioting , so worth noting : only behavior accurately described as such
i found this did informative and
rioting is out of control, anarchy ; “ protesting “ is organized and orderly without aggression
you are not here.
um. what dictionary is that ?
. do not think you can say the same thing about the cops.
you are a hero. great work !
you insulted me sweet pea ... take your beds, i am a democrat
there is a qt there that says otherwise.
i apologize for the misunderstanding. i agree wholeheartedly with blab
it was a major story on abc world news tonight
was not here yet on sunday so i can not really gauge - would just be speculation
the media finally shaming the devil and telling truth ?
who are you anyway get off my time line tea bag.
with all due not when they are tear-gassing people in their own damn yards.
oh i did not realize it was about only tonight
rioting is code for black people protesting.
you live in there have been spates of violence.
oh i thought you were being a shitty sarcastic man with the only tonight wet
they have been looting though. that is been documented by journalists
riots happened on not currently happening nor have been happening for most of the week.
please do not confuse with a free country
is what we have here. any rioting fault of and originated by police
please do not engage big her on issues like this
i do not tea “ bag and its better than being a hag mag ; take your remain
def think that is a fair question
i don’t think the cops got that memo, unfortunately.
it’s like after when skin color was the only difference between a looter and a scavenger
not on which has been known to mislead millions from time to time
it is about the past 4 days of peaceful protests being reacted to and spoken about like riots
we need to wait for the investigation results ; then act if appropriate action does not take place
looting a burning a store among st other things not rioting tho ... hey its all good ...
i agree with of this but isn’t looting and clashing with police rioting ?
mobs looting “ black people assembling “
used as a means of “ pain compliance “ ...
capt . ron johnson leads protestors through a peaceful night
his interview on was solid !
capt. is an extraordinary leader. we honor his extraordinary profoundly brilliant leadership !!!!!
capt. leads protesters through a peaceful night leadership !
take away the white people with guns and suddenly there is peace. imagine that.
no one should live in a town where militarized police point loaded weapons at unarmed citizens
without moral laws purely economic regulation is a road to nowhere. i think so.
this has exposed a racist police dept. why pres obama & amp ; have called in
so how many white ppm did they pull their guns on ?
wow that is insane.
exactly right. how much must he wish he had just kept driving ...
militarized at its worse !
there are economic laws governing the lives of people and there is a moral.
why i love our country. we r all entitled to our opinions. good day ma'am.
stand your ground has never worked for black ppm. used to allow others to legally kill blacks !
miss me with your smug sanctimony wii ya ?
racist actions ... police chief policy of allowing racist behavior. this police chief will leave very soon
how do you explain then when police do not automatically shoot white men who blatantly open carry ?
suspension of freedom is law, temporary or not.
looks like the gestapo has arrived.
may be not only a town but and a country ?
i believe story and hope there is justice for mike and his family
maybe you should add an adjective : an unarmed “ good “ black guy.
should law biding citizens live n towns with these crime stats ?
but another wrong does not give anyone the right to commit a crime.
must be a human every time.
no one should live in a town where militarized police point loaded weapons at unarmed citizens
while the were not racist they would be protecting innocent people in from tyranny instead of
feels like the election of a black president has made racism bubble to the surface.
police chief will leave. he will be caught trying 2 cover up this tragedy. why has there
he did not ridicule them, he killed one of them !
here is copy of joint statement from us attorney re :
prosecutor has said autopsy will not be released. uses it to vet witnesses
any idea when they releasing full autopsy report ?
why would they need to investigate ? investigate what ? all the evidence was already there.
can you forward that to me ? dave. stewart at
what do u want 2 bets this will not stop the rioting and looting ?
here is copy of joint statement from us attorney re :
the american people are the new insurgents .
when did the ' friendly neighborhood cop ' acquire his military gear ?
i can almost hear ride of the valkyries “ playing ...
when the elite decided they were going to turn us into zombie slaves of course.
you all have guns. use them.
when you are and burning you are a domestic terrorist.
speak for yourself do not got shit on me
the people are the new insurgents.
i guess the left is not going to ridicule us now for warning this militarization was happening ?
how often do you see whites, hispanics asians doing this crap ?
do not discredit your cause by criminal activism, looting makes you lose the moral high ground.
their fake shit can not come close to the true voice of us, the usa.
long time coming. only surprising to some. the booger eaters
only the dumb steeple. i am sure there was a solos' organizer running things in there
i love how television (rt) tries to be the voice of freedom.
" hands up ! do not shoot ! " , mo , protests spread to nearby clayton .
in that looks exactly like the general demographics. very large percentage of total population is white.
hands up do not shoot ! “, mo, protests spread to nearby clayton.
why fuel the hate no more riots and looting !
where are all these protesters when kids are killing kids every day ? hypocrites.
where are the people saying “ do not loot “ ?
might want to talk to her ....
too bad none of them have jobs to go to
seems that all the racist drama queens are out
how do you protest a shooting by robbing stores ? excuse to riot
when a policeman asks ' why are you filming ? ' ...
they are arresting people and have them sign over their recording so they not be detained
9 times out of 10 it does not go down like that.
maybe the cops should make little signs for photographers : “ do not shoot “
when a policeman asks ' why are you filming ? ' ...
when a policeman asks ' why are you filming ? ' ... ”
when a policeman asks ' why are you filming ? ' ... ”
when did this become an unlawful act ?
and after all that you get shot, dead people can not talk to defend themselves !!
they know well most people to worried or can not afford delays, arrest or detaining
heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
are the taxpayers getting stuck with a huge “ contracted services “ bill for this ?
i thought they killed posse cogitates in the 80 is.
heavily armed police in military gear arriving ... for a protest ? !
the fuck rt heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
that is what i am saying here come the po military
police are not soldiers “ : heavily armed police ”
heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
we have become a police state
police should not be indistinguishable from military. common sense. we need a law nationwide
how many of them want a violent confrontation ?
what country is this rt : armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers
heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
freed the slaves. mt heavily armed police in military gear arriving ...
rt heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
man. rt heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now ”
i am so glad i live in ! your police shoot first then hide behind their badge.
heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now
fuck yeah mt : heavily armed police in military gear arriving on personnel carriers now
underfunded storm troopers. totally unacceptable.
are those soldiers or police ? or is there a difference anymore ?
we need another vehicle here !
4 hrs ago it is dark now ...
stress due to the difficult economic climate, hate talk, frustration with poorly paying jobs, lots
dumb idea. heavily armed police in military gear arriving on armed personnel carriers now ”
they are seriously juiced. what could they possibly be thinking ?
world of difference : police walking with protesters , wearing normal uniforms , state highway patrol chief hugging it out
i said the police chief was a clown, good he got replaced by highway patrol chief
when are giving survival instructions to american citizens in america we had better realize they are us !
finally ... people are talking about lack of voter turn out !!!
allowing ppm to grieve. and breathe.
really really hugging that is fantastic !
world of difference : police walking with protesters, state highway patrol chief hugging it out.
so happy i was wrong about highway patrol is presence.
joy that is what democracy looks like
hopefully this will bring peace to all & amp ; begin the healing process.
the city is ours
the city is ours
this. the city is ours ”
ugh i wish i was there rt : the city is ours
... rt the city is ours
the city is ours ”
brutal treatment of black ppl isn’t indeed the only anti-human rights act by us govt ; look at us’s green
your not big on equal rights yourself. trade burks for bikinis and we will talk
or backing the oppressive dictator in syria
i should think has similar problems, but named it differently
why do not you blow yourselves up and do us all a favor.
many supporting saw the framework for coming ! smells the same all over the world
technology can be used to expand democracy or enforce tyranny . where we draw the line matters .
and making money on misery is the order of the day for the 1% :
we did we move from protect and serve to full attack mode.?
nice photo. are they about to invade poland ?
technology is the only reason most of us know this atrocity of justice is happening.
democracy is never determined by technology it is in our hearts, our souls, our nature.
well said technology can be put to good or evil it depends of the get
technology can be used to expand democracy or enforce tyranny. where we draw the line matters.
only because we have no balls and do nothing.
have you seen this will be supporting this bill. you all should too.
sadly. i think we are at the mercy of those willing to cross the line.
police line moving towards peaceful protesters in
there is a phone where u can listen live to the police/ambulance radios ...
are cops moving on the protesters who are on the sidewalk ? not seeing clear reports
police line moving towards peaceful protesters in ” get up stand up.
are they jamming cell comes ????
are these the same peaceful protesters “ that have been burning a looting for two nights ?
police line moving towards peaceful protesters in ”
dreamer what you know (official music video)
police line moving towards peaceful protesters in ”
police line moving towards peaceful protesters in
it is gonna get dark soon. the military, i mean police are going to get scared.
police line moving towards peaceful protesters in ”
police begged media for discretion about location of q & amp ; a . are set up about half a
who cares they major in minor things.
can not take the heat from local citizens openly questioning like they did the gov ?
i suppose there was a threat against open and honest discussion with the community ? observed last night ?
that is the most beautiful “ fuck the police “ i have ever seen.
if they had nothing to hide they would not care
picture from earlier in the day , high powered rifles trained on protesters
no problem. definitely was not talking about that. i enjoy a good civil discussion.
item identified on the trijicon mr red dot sight. cost taxpayer around 500usd :
rt picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters
everyone rioting is being extremely selfish and overshadowing the real issue which was the boy being killed.
right who has shot at whom ? the cops are pointing guns at unarmed ppm.
i hope that guys mom sees that pic of him and is ashamed.
okay. gotcha. sorry for misreading it. it happens in social media.
several witnesses say raised his hands, and said don’t shoot.
if the people would not of pulled guns and rioted then the cops would not be aiming back.
you mean the rubber bullet rounds that can be fired from the rifles ?
unarmed ppm pissed off because their community has been militarized, and they are being terrorized.
i do not think you are thinking this one through.
if i could get to missouri i would live feed the entire thing.
rt picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters ”
cops are being militarized across the country.
exactly. unarmed protesters how do some people not see this as an injustice ?
agreed. i did hear that missouri state militia has boots on the ground to defend citizens.
the smug grin on that fuck’s face in the front center makes me want to punch shit
people are not unarmed and people are not just protesting.
i will try to set up a stream
you misunderstood. get the bad cops off the streets that target solely african americans.
that was funny as hell. omg
they are using rubber bullets -_________-
not enough of the media conversation re : has focused on the obviously militarized civilian police force.
are rubber bullet rounds in that specific weapon ?
effects of being shot with pepper ball gun
let me rephrase there is no justification for pointing a scoped ar-15 at protesters. ever.
maybe because people are rioting and trying to solve violence with violence.
they do have rubber bullet rounds for rifles so you might be right.
sorry wrong guy. i meant the guy with the gun. had my names mixed up.
if you do get out there be safe brother. remember your rights.
. 223 is considered a high powered cartridge ? just curious here.
civilians are are they not ? a rifle is a rifle, right ?
they even do it with a smile on their face. what a bunch of great guys.
reminder of what that child “ did :
picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters ”
thank i agree
rayon black and unarmed
wow rt picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters
it certainly is not that. look at the size difference. it is an actual scope.
pepper ball guns will look like paintball guns
i would not want a 223 pointed at me either
they do have rubber bullets for rifles chambered in. 223 (ar-15/m4)
if you do shoot me a link.
its easy to armchair quarterback when your life is not on the line.
almost want to go get some pics/footage since it is so close
right four witnesses have testified that he didn’t have a gun.
well at least you are acknowledging people are rioting.
guarantee those protesters pose more of a threat than supporters at a political rally.
maybe that is a bit different, no ? i imagine you can see the difference.
you would have to be hit in the temple.
looting is the least of the problem. killing unarmed people is the problem.
picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters ”
i am very curious. i have no clue what is in those weapons.
the militarization of police departments in the us ..... ominous.
how is walking home from the store being “ bad ” ? re :
does not look fun though. its a bit bloody. ouch
that tweet deserves to be featured ! check it out :
and has the nerve to criticize other countries
right if cops can kill an unarmed man, armed ppm would have been shot immediately.
picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters ” whoa there
exactly. search how many unarmed black people have been killed by cops.
this country has always been plagued by racism, economic exploitation, inequality, and corruption.
how is being unarmed and protesting an act of violence ?
that such rifles have killed tens of thousands of lives, bellyaching about caliber is ludicrous.
unbelievable. rt picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters ”
yea in at it is getting later and uglier
who didn’t die was murdered !
but for a crowd m14 308 standard clips on an ipod low power scope for wide field view
thank you for your time.
charge my phone now for it
plenty of cases of unarmed black men killed by cops. no other gun involved.
more than likely yes. they will use non-lethal rounds during riot control.
picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters
i am with you on that brother.
it causes harm and death though, that is why it was made. am i incorrect ?
looks like a lead on that map. sonic weapon. not making this sh*t up mt :
we understand the caliber if the situation. no pun intended.
if that rubber bullet hits the right spot yea ... big if though
you do realize that the community of has been militarized against unarmed ppm ?
i can confirm police deployed some kind of high pitched pulsing sonic crowd dispersal device last night
and the cops started spinning their story right after was shot.
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video .
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video. ” wow. powerful.
thank you for your perseverance ! keep up the excellent work.
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video. ” totally speechless and in tears
rt all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video.
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video. ”
rt all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video.
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video.
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video. ” this
just can not thank you enough. god bless you brother.
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video. ”
all of yesterday is vines in one youtube video. ” powerful
sitting in mcdonalds in , man says to cashier : " they are trying to make this about looting ...
shut up about already. you should b addressing the issue not looting. that is the point
and how do you know they would not react that way ? you do not !
then quit acting like a bunch of hoodlums
it is about the preexisting conditions, and piggies killing a kid in cold blood.
many police are inferiority complex weak minded rednecks
concern trolling gets pretty a few is are pretty appropriate i would say
it is alluded versus elude - but he is an asshole troll anyway.
i think actually it is about both.
you are clearly an asshole on top of being a racist.
thanks i will def swing through sometime in the next couple days.
amp they do not even have all the facts yet
i would say they are doing a bang up job of undermining it themselves.
you will always have opportunists that will exploit conflict to benefit themselves ...
amazing wife policy over at right now.
or peacefully shop for guns in walmart it appears.
those are typos. who cares i do not. lmao
now you have resulted to insulting. lmao only person that needs to grow up is you
and you are assuming it is all black people. that is why this is a racial problem.
especially disenfranchised people who oppose authoritarians : pro palestinian, tibetan, n. koreans, ukraine
now fat bitch oh boy yea that really hurt. sorry it ignorant ass can not articulate
is not any killing a lawless killing ?
your son should die maybe then you will understand what it feels like to b targeted
so now you are a misogynistic racist asshole - thought you were done.
looting stopped a long time ago. the police are now breaking up peaceful protests w/tear gas explain
you do not even now you are racist. comedy. aw man lao
looting is a symptom of a different problem - lawlessness towards black people.
just like the bigot cop that killed that boy.
you went through all friends ? i think you missed a few buddies. look harder
this is the backward mindset towards victims of police brutality and why things are not changing
certain types use looting “ as opportunity to derail as if such can even negate grievances
a solution to the secondary problem but not the first.
2 different issues 1. murdered unarmed teen 2. underlying lawless racism behind killing.
in you do not think hispanics could get that angry ?
which is social injustice lawlessness against black males, and abuse of power
you are a child who clearly jerks off a lot. use your computer for something useful.
that is lie and u know it. that is not everywhere. quit generalizing
typical liberal. call someone a racist or bigot when they do not agree with you
maybe over in then :
sorry you can not admit it to yourself. it is clear to others. typical denial.
tell the redneck overzealous ego freaks to stop murdering people when they were not doing anything wrong
absolutely .... it is the police murdering a kid
my mentions. ignorant bigots who troll the internet to start twitter wars with
please do us a favor racist troll. do not embarrass the rest of us white people.
but you are the one who made the racist statement. prove these were all black incidents.
looting is not happening like you twitter people keep saying my aunt lives there its lies to justify
here is a simple solution for the problem
well then maybe you should stop talking like one. why mention the scanner calls then ?
those police shoot at will it seems
i guess we should not be allowed to peacefully protest.
my where i live.
the good old racist card.
listen to the police scanner. shots fired every 20minutes. reports of drivers. attempted breaking.
tell my friends i am racist. they will laugh at you. you are an idiot !
sounds like you are a fuck up then.
no only black young people ...
nice profile. you seem neutral.
oh you got jokes i am a computer not get cocky unless you want trouble
and these opportunists say nothing about people is struggle against a life of harassment
i am honestly just surprised you are in a mcdonald is.
that bigot will never admit. this is what they do. generalize. we are target practice
at the police dept headquarters
thats what i am talking about ! “ : at the police dept headquarters ”
do not try to steal a cops gun and you wont get shot ... common sense
at the police dept headquarters ” that is what i am talking about. 👏🙌✊
wanna interview for my radio show sir.
tired of the need for these protests “ : at the police dept headquarters ”
at the police dept headquarters ” was
protesting obviously does no good.
at the police dept headquarters ” was ” i got chills !!!!!! yes mfg
just learning of the story. very tragic.
if you are recording in video , please use apps like bambuser that record to a server so it can
please stay safe and be careful.
now i know that is true. smh ....
or the stop amp ; frisk watch app or police tape or five orustream
they can not legally seize our phones can they ?
i am not sure what came of it though ....
police announce " your right to demonstrate is not being obstructed "
perhaps the police should stop murdering black people. then we can criticize folks for rioting.
dealing with awful racists is always terrible but i gotta say, the if stash helps.
we should but put it in perspective also
nope. people are responsible for their actions. also murder is a strong word ...
you just can not do it here. smh
remain in your homes. you are not being oppressed. all is well “
which is true but their right to loot is ...
police announce your right to demonstrate is not being obstructed “
this is ridiculous. you are conflating two wholly separate issues.
they are making telling is how it starts, sh
it really does. it shows disproportionate anger and fear.
can not keep fighting if you can not maintain your sanity at the same time.
. just go to your appointed free speech zone.
only your quest for open fires, free refreshments & amp ; household accessories.
it is a statistic but not a meaningful one.
that is some right there.
police announce your right to demonstrate is not being obstructed “ ” -
when there is an epidemic of murder-by-the-state, i will not criticize those who protest or even riot
in this i believe police action speaks much louder than their words.
i spit out my food !
i will criticize them for rioting and looting when the police stop murdering black people.
perhaps they should not have rioted and looted
please. young black males much more in danger from fellow young black males sadly
wait. how am i not right ? stats prove it
why are the police blocking the way ? are they afraid of protesters will loot again ?
amazing. rt police announce “ your right to demonstrate is not being obstructed “
that is gotta be kinda hard to take coming from a sniper on an armored car.
what bullshit rt police announce “ your right to demonstrate is not being obstructed “
and are you saying we should not hold the police to a higher standard ?
same government slaughtering millions of people in the world at the same time
violence by the state against citizens is especially pernicious and far more serious.
until the state stops murdering.
there is an enormous difference between being murdered by the state, and being murdered by a citizen.
even if you are right (which you are not) , that does not change a thing.
but most crimes against whites are committed by whites as well.
rt : the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
thugs. . .
senator chuck schemer democrat from ny thought it is a great idea to give surplus mil gear 2 pols
so discouraging. i thought the us was better than this.
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending ”
combat team. these are soldiers not police officers. that is combat gear.
not bus (labor statistics) .
is this a police state ? ludicrous ! obama must step in.
a remake of seven days in may would be about the police, not the army, now.
right. think type later.
this is the police presence at a peaceful protest - in the usa . right now !! wtf !!!
i really liked that jerk
... and every single one of them is white ...... wt ??!
land of the free. !
this is the police presence at a peaceful protest - in the usa. right now !! wtf !!!
and media had the nerve to criticism presence of forces in, , ... etc
disgusting. those cops are cowards. sane police must be appalled.
two images taken from opposite sides, same lead vehicle
peaceful how i direct your attention to night 1
oh yes used it protesters in 2007. tried and tested.
thanks. so it is a “ humanitarian “ weapon ?
i am a jerk of a bubble buster. the kids hate me at parties
police presence looks like they called in the national guard !! so sad !!
i would feel much better if that mechanized brigade was more diverse, yeah.
what does a lead do ?
low is this for real ?! looks like they are ready to go to a war
high frequency loud sound causes pain to ears so crowd runs away
is this or usa @ camp ; in depriving people their 1st amend rights
no love in the ♡ of the city !
long range acoustic device for crowd control on the right side vehicle
dear media : if michael brown is race is mentioned in a news report , so should officer darren wilson
how very generous of you to include me in your lack of knowledge. was murdered.
media does not know. better not to speculate what we do not know.
i wish i could rt this more than once
so that justifies shooting and killing him in broad daylight ?
pretty easy to make an educated guess
plenty of blacks called wilson too, facebook search would show
the police chief released it. he is a 25 year old white man.
totally means that we throw due process right out the window !
and what difference could that possibly make ?
did i say i justified the killing ? no. saying race is not the issue
how do you think everyone knows he is white ?
yea sounds like a black name too me ? i am just saying !!
twitter got the news of is murder out ! local stations here said nasa - until today.
so the cops shoot him and let his “ accomplice “ walk away uncharged ?
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
is an no matter their color stop pushing racial issues into our racially diverse community
it is already out. white male. ” some news ores have not said
lot of talk 4 someone whose entire time line is belittling people of color calling them “ tijuana “
are you new why do you think is such a mess ?
police dogs snarl at a crowd of mourners in . they are mourning the killing of another teenager by police
i think you should give credit to for all the photos you posted
that is terrible but really how many teens kill teens in these cities ?
good lord. it is like the 60s all over again.
does not it auto credit him at the bottom ? apologies if not but seems to say via
good to will be more careful about putting user name in tweet
sure is a shame when police run up in churches and schools just to go after innocent children.
the dogs are unnecessary the human police decided to place them there !!
not on some
the information at this point in my opinion is of more importance, would you agree ?
is it true that the police did not have time to handcuff this one before they shot him ?
police department. 1963 birmingham called. they want their german shepherds back.
hate vs peace dogs can tell the difference
this is not kiev , ukraine . this is , missouri right now .
. someone gives that man a medal
this is not kiev, ukraine. this is, missouri right now. ”
also after tsunami there were no reports of looting.
there was no looting in kiev
too mad he is holding a bag of chips at the same time
if you need help for “ how to resist angst police brutality “, we can deliver some expertise
this is not this is, missouri right now.
and while also holding a bag of chips (? ) low, bad ass
community organizations on-site in
yes should be voter registration at every table ! and on foot, moving through the crowds !!
community organizations in ” now i want barbecue
shit crazy down here ! 🙅
we have few in the areal. if any other need free assistance give us a yell.
is there a voter registration table out there ? needs new leadership !
are the cops still trying to run you off ?
community organizations in “ 🙌🙌✌
rt community organizations in & lt ; ---- yes, yes, yes !!!
any of them registering residents to vote ?
come down to st then mass, low you went think twice about that ! 💯
community organizations in ” wonderful !
the whistleblower said they would often have " black day " or " tan day " to just arrest black
why is this not news that hit four days ago ?
this is ridiculous and stupid. not true
there a link source on this ? can not find.
exactly goddess why is this not news that hit four days ago ? ”
and you would know this because ?
of course any one black must be a liar, right ?
if michael brown had been carrying a gun , would republicans still say he had a right to bear arms
definitely food for thought thank you.
of course he does wt ?
i think you missed the point.
strike in it is 21.
how would they advance their agenda if they did not hide behind race baiting ?
sometimes that is all it takes.
racial biases when deciding what people to stop.
when are stopped by police at a disproportionately high rate, it is a race issue.
charges filed against man shot by police in on wednesday ; cops say he pointed gun at them :
of course they said that. not a surprise at all.
charges filed against man shot by police in on wednesday ; cops say he pointed gun at them :
yeah. you thugs have so much credibility.
. sure did not take long to release his name.
they are acting like mississippi in 1950 !
seriously that will cast unwavering doubt in trust towards law enforcement.
this is too much. . i am going to make a margarita
they announce his name 12 hours later but still not the cop who murdered someone
" the fatal shooting of an unarmed teenager deserves a full review . " ag eric holder
and so does turning his community into a war zone to distract from murderer on their force.
unfortunately reviewing the case is as far as they will go
you would be better off trusting the average cop than holder
and do not rarely forget graham in nyc. 18 years old. cops not indicted.
the fatal shooting of an unarmed teenager deserves a full review. “ ag eric holder
which one atty general ? ? you to dismantle has !
wake up !!!
i am straight. why do not you go suck a white dick
black people never change ” your ignorance is nauseating ...
bro if u have a problem with me u can suck my white dick
since that is our favorite phrase, why do not you go do it
genocide by police is the new normal
is mother : " police not telling us nothing , cause they have nothing to say . "
has the police news conference happened yet ?
i have skipped way past sad straight to and. that cop should burn in for killing
i really do not think you have a broad enough scope on this to properly comment.
most loving mothers would be grieving, not busting out with double-negative trash-talk. disgusting.
that have to get the story correct
is mother police not telling us anything, cause they have nothing to say. “
that poor woman. my heart breaks for her
yeah they gotta get their lies straight.
swat overlooks protestors in . they have all moved to sidewalk .
at which point they can play call of duty ferguson again
. tanks rolling into the heartland of the us. not cool.
must be nice to paint with such a broad brush. useful imbecile comes to mind.
was deployed in 5 years ago.
yeah you guys are the best fucking country obviously .... low
who do they report ferguson ? stl county ? state ?
these cops obviously only care about power and hearing things go ' bang '.
i am the most person ever, but the amendment is about defending from the govt
rt swat overlooks protesters in. they have all moved to sidewalk.
new troll acct. reported amp ; blocked.
is that some sonic weapon on the armored carrier ?
you just show how stupid your comments are.
is that the same swat team that rushes to target when whites with ar 15s are strutting around ?
you are probably a fucking pig. only pigs stick up for their violent, uneducated brethren.
swat overlooks protesters in. they have all moved to sidewalk.
does everyone else think the police presence is a little over the top ?
sure looks it. be surprised if they had quite a few “ non-lethal-but-highly-painful “ tools there
it is you are .... fucking genius. hahahahaha low iq guy, supporting low iq thug cops.
what is that square antenna on top of the armored vehicle ???!!?
if there is literally anybody ever who should open-carry ... but that is all i can say : x
glad you are safe i wondered if that is what had happened.
use must give a fuck ..... you took the time to reply.
problem innocent teen killed by cop. solution : more cops, larger weapons. wtf ?
why is none of this on any of the cable news stations ?
the only ass hole is you.
swat overlooks protesters in. they have all moved to sidewalk. ” / tremenda photo
i am quite surprised that the feds would have allowed things to go this far. rights violations.
this is what a police state looks like.
wow rt : state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again .
wow rt state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again.
he put on that soulless demon smile
me too this seems unreal ! gas, shooting, swat team ?!! wth
. rt : swat truck repositioned , gun pointing straight at protesters
that killer cop he left town !!!
what a great way to deescalate a situation.
what good are put the fucking guns down or just go
rt swat truck re positioned, gun pointing straight at protesters ” wow.
rt swat truck re positioned, gun pointing straight at protesters ” america
rt swat truck re positioned, gun pointing straight at protesters they on shoot
wow this is the image we want the world to see of america ?
rt swat truck re positioned, gun pointing straight at protesters af
and what are these coward assholes gonna do ? shoot at the people ???
swat truck re positioned, gun pointing straight at protesters ” ????
rt swat truck re positioned, gun pointing straight at protesters
i just heard on loudspeaker that the right to assemble has now been denied !!! thanks for sharing democracy
cops are lying about what happened !!!
rt swat truck re positioned, gun pointing straight at protesters ”
not defending just straight up partaking in fascism
statement from st. louis county police officers assoc ., saying put officers lives in danger .
the blue wall of stupid. same all over.
what a load of crap.
is that real i can not find any other source for it, no mention on
that is a level of brass neck that it completely beyond the pale
doubling down on awful policing. rt statement from st. louis county police officers assoc.
bad guys checking in mt : st. louis county police officers assoc : put lives in danger
statement from slow, saying put officers lives in danger. ”
. complaining about having to do their jobs instead of playing with their shiny toys.
. some of whom were firing bullets “ !?!?!!!!!
here is a pretty tone deaf thing. rt : statement from st. louis county police officers assoc.
a joke the slip is rt : statement from st. louis county police officers assoc., ”
i can not even sgt ; : statement from st. louis county police officers association
i must have missed those parts, hmm
are there any actual reports of shots fired yesterday ? or assaults ? this reeks of bull crap.
it is really totally unfathomable that could defend pointing sniper rifle is at protesters
because it’s only the police officers whose lives really matter
these guys do not get it. : statement from slip, saying put officers lives in danger.
and we thank you for that.
the slip statement is sent to me directly from an executive board member of the organization.
if you have seen this yet ... uhf.
. that is a bunch of b.s.
all of those same things happened with was in charge too.
but it was way better the night before, when they were terrorizing citizens and trampling their rights.
you are an idiot if you think that he would ignore and.
a was nearly burglarized. “ wtf does that even mean ?
weird that a lobby group would entirely lack integrity
as a resident of st louis county i wonder, will i face retribution from for speaking out ?
wow. motivated by political pressure “ ? god forbid that govt should respond to public opinion.
the slip provides no cost attorneys “ “ if you are involved in a shooting “
st. county. see here for some explanation of the chaos :
yeah and that prompted by pres. is urging, probably saved innocent lives.
here is some comedic reading for tonight (via)
covering our asses with our own crap
another night of the same had the potential to boil over into something disastrous.
looks like a structural lack of unity all across the board.
not to mention the rich hypocrisy of complaining about “ not being allowed to respond to calls “.
ha what a bunch of baloney ! dumb cops just circling the wagons.
sad. mt st. county police officers assoc. says put officers lives in danger.
now we care about reporters ?
i will be on with in about 10 mins discussing and . tune in .
i will be on with in about 10 mind discussing and. tune in.
can i get your autograph ?
video release can you say backfire calculated w/ zero return
to respect the revolutionary nature of all americans should not we ask for justice in ferguson and peace
will you discuss what a piece of s brown was ? that he was a bully and thief ?
breaking cop who shot michael brown had no idea he was a suspect
dint get involved he is radical and will turn off so many to the progress being made !
proof knew brown was a suspect -
watching e. as i tweet.
ask if they will bring the dead thief is accomplice for another interview plus
police assoc have issued statement citing their own violence as proof that is unsafe
i thank you for your coverage of the st
mike brown law. require all state, county, and local police to wear a camera whitehorse petition
can they be held accountable for what it seems to be ... trying to cover his and wilson
i am watching this has got to stop !! !!!
go their passive or light with. that is why they arrested u.
what about justice for the guy mike brown robbed ?
putting out a specific call again : this story should be told by black youth , from . if that
contact me if you need any social data for a story
is there still looting happening or did that stop
we got to go back where we from
play by the race card by being racist yourself well done ....
left : police that condemned under yanukovych . right : is police in .
one picture does not tell the whole story.
there are two pictures there ...
left police that condemned under yanukovych. right : is police in.
the full story is even more shameful for us
crowd gone , crowd showed restraint , chanted & amp ; yelled at police then left , scene now empty
excellent be safe out there
things are interesting at west florissant and chambers.
looks like you can obtain a decent night of sleep tonight.
first good news in days. fingers crossed.
no more so far : cops are itching for a chance.
have the police brought out their tanks yet ?
ferguson police chief speaks with protesters early friday am .
his fat ass should be talking to the people begging for his job
police chief speaks with protesters early friday am. ” first time ?
when police will realism this that is the problem till date ?
not the law what ?
the sign should say nor not or.
police chief speaks with protesters early friday am.
police are not the law. just people put in place to uphold the law. big difference.
of course you are willing to talk when the whole internet has you name, address and son# low
thank you for showing us the ignorance of america and its lower class citizens.
i am pretty much sure the police are the law .... placard fail
what a ride what a ride ! your tweets takes a center stage on my honorable platform
how does one know what stories are media driven ? watch cnn. find that plane yet ?
does her sign say ' police are not the law ? ' what an idiot
a few grammatical mistakes from me there but i am sure you got what i was saying
peace usually begins with talking. when people talk that means they are not fighting.
we do not need to stinkin ' americans ! this must stop ! . : going 2 war w/ americans
could govt. preparing for all the poor & amp ; minorities ???
we do not need to stinking ' americans ! this must stop !. : going 2 war w/ americans
that is a doubt ! no question that gun sense will make more sense with that approach !
primarily used against unarmed urban population-useless against buddy ranch insurgents !
no peripheral vision ... how stupid
outside of the box ' thinking !
when local police face citizens dress like this in small town usa, there is big problem !
if more ppm of color joined up w/ open carry groups, would pass gun control immediately !
so much fear. so much ignorance. stop paying your taxes until these stops !
in principal cops are murdering citizens at the same rate as !
in no military action against citizens (posse comatatus act) .
every day from now on will be let the movement begin ! please re tweet !
so change who you send to govern you.
anti-gunners donated $500k+ 2 defeat pro-gun sheriff , he won anyway !
i like you do what makes yourself comfortable. how is your day ?
thank u lord it is only common sense .... liberal policies hurt people and this great country.
you need to stop typing in all caps william. they call it “ yelling “.
race pimps on solos ' payroll are fanning the flames of racial division
this sheriff just pasted a bulls-eye on his back.
rt donate 2 defeat pro gun sheriffs- sgt ; who wins !!
still have not figured it out yet ?
the twisted political argument for missouri stores. please rt
donated 2 defeat pro-gun sheriffs, he won anyway !
everyone must watch is fantastic documentary called “ runaway slave “ that backs up sheriff clarke
breaking : instead of dispersing , protesters got on their knees with their hands up .
i wished for this y would & amp ; now it is happened. feels kinda magical
this is civil this is beautiful, and this effective. solidarity.
i love all of you all
all saying please do not shoot “
breaking instead of protesters got on their knees with their hands up.
hand raised in the air. “ am i not an american ? “ right 2 peaceful assembly
captain johnson : " last night was a great night . "
indeed it was rt captain johnson : “ last night was a great night. “
captain last night was a great night. “
thats y strict punishment for rapists/child molesters/even door. its meant2 deter behavior from occurring again !
captain “ last night was a great night. “ ”
can we watch this anywhere ? any streams ?
v : black jaywalking teen shot & amp ; killed by cops . white trespassig rancher is militia aim guns
black pain is shrugged off ; white pain deserves international sympathy. let is revisit sandy hook es
intentional to cause pain the crowd dared to be upset. lord help us !
what was the purpose of leaving on street ? makes you wonder if was to terrorize black community.
did not the founders say you could shoot and kill anyone you disagreed with ?
the things we are left to pray for nowadays .......
do not worry. the party will protest. they care at bulk pals rights, right ?
that is the red state v blue state. problem is nra at national level.
one of the great photos of american history taken by . things much more peaceful in last night .
one of the great photos of american history taken by. things much more peaceful in last night.
i suppose you think poor people can stop being poor if you tell them to as well
anybody notices the bag of chips in the opposite hand low.
those poor used as human shields2garner sympathy for terrorists.
and i hope people connect this barbarism with where they got their training ...
is this what it is like to know the pulitzer ahead of time ?
not sure they all have a choice in the matter. you must think they do.
destruction of property and destruction of life are false equivalents .
what does getting tackled in football have to do w/ anything ? wait for facts before u judge
rt destruction of property and destruction of life are false equivalents.
see my earlier encounter with le professor
you committed the cardinal sin : being objective
a decent human being ends it rights there. full stop.
but you know also that it is dangerous to paint every cop with the same broad stroke.
6 was to try to have an honest, objective, discussion about toning down the rhetoric.
praying for this community and this young mans family, and, that justice will be served.
what will destroy your own neighborhood solve ? how does that help ? will that bring justice ?
we will just have to see what comes of it but i do appreciate the conversation.
why are you speaking about hypothetical rather than what actually happened ?? more comfortable for you ?
the supervisors answer to the police commissioner who answers to the dpt of justice. different pecking order.
so enlighten me bobby .... what happened for this 18 yr old to wind up dead ?
i know many officers with great respect for the law and i admire them deeply.
you are he rose to prominence as a vehement opponent of the stamp act in 1765
when you loose control of your behavior. the looting just feeding into the stereotype.
this one is free. do your own homework ...
have you interviewed the unnamed cop ? his supervisors are hardly disinterested bystanders-bias. 😼
what are you talking about ? please remove me from future tweets.
have a great night.
destruction of property and destruction of life are false equivalents.
that is a fair which i completely agree with you on.
bare with me for a few tweets and i will explain my position.
3 is being reported the other way is true than all the emotion is misplaced. in regards to
you are explaining all this to the wrong person ... check my tweets
obviously u have never worked for or owned anything
thanks for taking an honest question, to you, and trolling it out. classy.
that happened after we expelled the royal officials ' sunshine.
those business owners have insurance. they will recover. will not.
the race batters initial response is always to shout racism instead of talking to people
there is a thing in the us constitution (twice !! ) called “ due process “
this is , a suburb in america .
dude. your thoughtfulness and understanding are only outmatched by your knowledge.
i wanna be operator as fuck. “ “ no it is my turn ! “
this a suburb in america. ” foolish
can you tell me the source ?
oh for sure. i will be doing a post once my dead computer is resurrected about this.
if anyone else dies they will have to. this is worse than oakland during occupy.
love you more than most.
legit looks like what i have seen in the west bank.
they do not have a tank. i guess that is something.
coming soon to a neighborhood near you courtesy of obama and illegals ...
fuck their shit up. like ya do. & lt
looks like west bank following protests two weeks ago.
this a suburb in america. the shit that bad
swat has had this stuff for decades.
this a suburb in america.
they are rad. i am probably gonna look dumb next to their other speakers.
did you take this picture ?
it is awful and entirely avoidable.
as if that made the slightest bit of sense. more like thanks to systematically racist cops.
riots will not help the situation. trouble makers enjoy causing chaos
i look forward to it.
looks like south circa 1985
this a suburb in america. ” war zone at home.
shows how a militarized police force can compromise our rights and our safety
if gets eta niche/ tonight donald/ donate £10,000. please follow+rt
are you seriously suggesting death penalty without due process is reasonable for petty theft and assault ?
i am suggesting that it is not “ law “ without due process.
need answers from mo state patrol to family of brandon ellington. via
you are certainly justifying it.
if he is a robbery suspect ?
the militarized police is a symptom of the increasing militarization of our society, via the military/industrial complex.
so you are supporting death without trial for
a system of creating social fear. police = policy enforcers.
my opinion is cause and effect. this should not have happened if the young man was law-abiding.
no ... do not commit a crime is what in suggesting.
time to end police militarization now !
despite his being the cop is only option was to kill him.
luckily for roughed up white & amp ; launched tear gas against personnel too.
so you are justifying death without trial for anyone suspected of theft ?
time to end police militarization now !
date on cam do not match up
shows how a militarized police force can compromise our rights and our safety
thousands shut down times square last night in support of us where police shot unarmed teen
when black ppm stop calling themselves black, which is a color, then things will change ... think
share it if you against police brutality
thousands shut down times square last night in support of us where police shot unarmed teen
two young black unarmed males shot & amp ; killed by & amp ; us
it does not look shut down to me. it looks pretty open.
when all humans stop using a color to describe .....
that makes a lot of sense.
racial discrimination is still a dilemma in us . still ppl are unsecure for having dark skins . the way
thousands of gays marched in iran for rights would run out of space to hang them all.
fields medal is an iranian woman
of thousands and thousands of people. hamas has been worse than hitler.
the list goes on
the only terrorists are usa. .
; sadly true. we have much work to do here.
has tried. keeps firing rockets.
without you would be speaking german in catalonia right now !!!
bullshit. clearly the schools in catalonia are not very good.
you saved the world from fascism, stalingrad was the first defeat for nazis.
what is the last great spanish invention or contribution to the world ?
well so and have discrimination in common. in iran it is anti-arab anti-sunni
thanks your ayatollah we’ll keep your comments in mind
tell it to all the children, women and innocent men killed by israel and usa.
. tell that to the bahia'i that you imprison for having a different faith
thanks proud of being said asshole by an american.
you would not have a country if it was not for america and britain. spain ?? hahaha
will be the tomb of fascism !!
the saved you. hahahaha
the only terrorists are you, usa. . ” ha !
i have found but your town is too far from here.
supplies and countless others to kill while they hide behind innocent.
i am a fascist really ? ok, and you are and asshole.
brought humanitarian supplies into palestinian territory. what did they get in return ? rockets on them.
ha. if there is one thing that unites the human race it is awfulness.
it would seem is an expert in such matters.
what is your opinion about cuba or israel and palestine ?.
much too complicated for 140 characters.
. remember when your political leader said there are no gay people in iran ?
and mind sanity in worst.
you have no idea what you are talking about. stop mutilating women !
the friend with has admitted to robbing the store with michael earlier that day.
you and the media spelled nothing but we see you for the cowardly killers you are.
hey the thug robbed a store attacked an employee and policeman deserved shot just like a jihad deserves
are you saving from fascism ?
call me is an insult for me.
. tho if we must compare gender discrimination top performer in league
that does not change the fact on the ground, dickhead !
did seriously say that the ussr defeated fascism ? that is like saying genghis khan invented democracy.
and you keep hanging gay men in the public square, you animal. go fuck yourself.
it is not racism ; it is profiling. “
enjoy being one more puppet of your government and believing their liars.
why do whites run a mostly black town ? see what is fueling long-simmering tension in
fag. i am are god is.
think about what stories lead off ... drives certain groups to form opinions of other groups. very sad
every racist like yourself deserves to be murdered like michael brown was. eat shit.
ouch you are disgusting.
to the leg would have sufficed as far as stopping him.
put his hands and got shot 6 times.
why does hate police officers and white people ?
no they did not. and quit making “ hypothetical “ situations for something that is real life.
whites are more responsible. ”
but i am sure they voted for these white officials so this tweet and article is beyond stupid
cause the blacks are too dumb
who is running the headlines over at ? they are looking like fox news right now
i was not playing the educated card. i was merely demonstrating that your attempted wit was pointless.
article you felt so strongly about
because they do not know how to lead themselves without violence !
the local elections where city and county leaders are chosen.
the officer was trained enough to know not to shoot more than 3 times
did you read the article ?
law is for everyone and not just to be used for some.
why should any one race run a town can not we just get along
but a black person runs the country ?
damn did you forget what the british did to ur people ? internalized idiot.
exactly you are defending the area by claiming there uneducated or ignorant which still is no excuse
absolutely right facts r facts. when everything has been analyzed hopefully truth will bring change !
officers are not trained to discriminate based on race. break the law you get arrested.
uh cause the blacks are too dumb ” sh dumb racist bitch
you are right ... officers definitely are trained to target black people
if he was white you would blame the president and cry all over twitter ass clown.
how can your response to me prove a point about an area ? i am not from ferguson.
seeing you call someone a fag makes anything else you say unimportant. hateful and ignorant.
and u look like a man. yea in disgusting😂😂😂
say that louder for the folks in the back !!!
i really do not care about making insinuations ... let is just wait for the autopsy results
powerful point wow we gotta elaborate on that one !
is racism still alive in america ?? read this thread and you will sadly get the answer.
defending would mean there are two sides ... so can you identify these two sides for me please ?
flip the two races around and everyone would be calling this tweet racist and offensive
sounds like a great plan !
that is an interesting statement to formulate from the article ... i would love to understand your thought process
and odd tire and wheel places which it almost is anyway.
did you read the article ? you clearly did not
i am a lover not a fighter ! we can leave her out if you want ?
no ma'am not at all just proving my point about the area that is all.
you just hit the nail directly on the head.
why is trying to fuel is a better question
they elect the mayor do not they ?
the poor people there probably do not have the education nor experience to run for congress
why do whites run a mostly black town ? see what is fueling long-simmering tension in
not important. a hayseed
that is not what the article stated
uh cause the blacks are too dumb ”
did you read the article ? that is not what it stated.
we need that autopsy report it will tell us how many bullets brown was struck with.
you are beating around the bush, ignoring my commentary & amp ; points and citing hearsay as factual
are u aware his mama is white. uh yea ok
i was never playing the “ race card “. i am not even african american low
which election cycle are you referring to ?
what the fuck is wrong with you people ?
your response is very indicative that you were attempting to belittle my intelligence
i thought race did not matter
i understand the media especially cnn. but what people comment .... just awful.
defending i never made this a black or white thing when i tweeted you. you clearly have
white " anti-looting " high-horse riders listen up ! read & amp ; follow
keep blaming the victims. never the cops. always the victims.
considerably better than bigotry. “
yep i am done when someone uses made up word whiteout no use having conversation with that
guess that was too hard of a question. thx buddy
oh mob behavior is always justified and righteous and looting is so productive to the cause.
you may want to drop the illogical, wrong. pc arguments.
what a case you make. “
enlighten me on what i have missed ply
the will because they do not want to deal with the real issue of police abuse
and what i am getting at is there should be this type of outrage and time someone is killed
white riders listen up ! read & amp ; follow
amen brother. most courageous statement yet.
no problem brother. fucking airlift ? !
truly stupid argument. vacuous logic. and more importantly, morally wrong.
there was no looting last night. type facts asshole
are we in a loop ? asked and answered.
so how is officer not being held accountable
in the picture says i will not condemn them.
see the point but can not get behind the actions. business owners were not guilty of anything
never said police art accountable for their actions
they burnt down a convenience store/gas station.
your white guilt is so crippling its preventing you from thinking logically on matters of race.
and righteous rage has led to another dead and 1 shot in head so ...
we do not know if the shooting was justified yet but do know no homicide in chicago is justified
righteous rage is not destroying other people is stuff.
in chi plenty of murders no one is held accountable and the murder remains unsolved
what question you have not asked me a question.
yes homicide by definition is the unlawful killing of another in other words unjustified
but its just about only a few ppm taking advantage of just an oil opportunity. it is ok
i think maybe you need to learn to read a wee bit better.
nobody asked you to get behind anything but the outrage. support that first, foremost, loudest
yet this officer will face first an independent review of the incident and then criminal charges if found unjustified
the protests are fine but to condone looting is ridiculous
ply troll somebody else now, both of you.
u r so why is not there more outrage over the 500 murders in chicago
what a case you make.
. better righteous than whiteout. classic white supremacy :
tanks . military police . occupation . media blackout . no fly zone . in ... a suburb . this
check this out. trying to get some of the best news coverage in one place :
yeah. this is just crazy !
easy. there was no media blackout tuesday it was peaceful. leaders met with community in church.
it is that is a completely different kind of america than where i grew up
exactly like what is happened to the
lovely with some capsicum spray on them.
my column an execution in ferguson :
every branch of our government enables and encourages this, no politicians have objected on record.
more armored personnel carriers. but yes, scary.
how are those ' freedom fries ' tasting i wonder ?
it could be. it is not yet.
start electing people that realize this is a problem. military police should never be a thing
which are basically armored personnel carriers.
very true. it’s started slowly to happen since 9/11
another reason i became a libertarian.
there are no tanks. swat vehicles, yes, but no tanks.
it is not tho. that is the thing. it is every town.
my column an execution in ferguson :
same here. this is completely different from suburban chicago.
i agree the response and crackdown is getting worse, and has been since occupy.
going 2 war with americans
can you please cite the legislative source so i can look it up for myself. ty.
well innocent civilians are being rundown so come up with another plan
how should the police respond to the threat from ' local militia ' tea weirdos ?
do not believe every quote you see on the internet
trying to incite a war against americans in order to deflect from their execution of this child
this is some scary shit.
a terror child may be there. .
have gander at these tubes ! a molotov would a warm their ugly arises. ! fuck-wits.!
if they are wait on us to war w/each other. why the war machines for the
one dump truck would flatten em all.
no matter what we do , it will not be as bad as killing a kid and leaving him to
because putting the wrong persons ' life in danger is way better.
the streets of times square have been taken over . literally .
the streets of times square have been taken over. literally.
you are the active fiasco.
yup the streets of times square have been taken over. literally. ”
the streets of times square have been taken over. literally.
i saw your tweet rt on my time line more than your actual tweets.
let is talk about how you are famous
yes you may. my name is trequan love
rt the streets of times square have been taken over. literally. ”
the streets of times square have been taken over. literally. ” - awesome solidarity !
the crowd has forced the police car to reverse .
i hope they post as many as it takes to stop this militarized bs.
no doubt ..... at some point a stand has to be made.
wow the crowd has forced the police car to reverse. ”
intense. they should have held news conference
hope not but who could blame them. i am angry in ny ...
the crowd has forced the police car to reverse.
it could get very ugly ton ite in st ....
the crowd has forced the police car to reverse. ” man ...
is there any information on the officer involved ? such as a name
classes started at 8am , but by 7am would be there waiting , eager
what are the people going to do ?
unreleased crime scene footage have to open in safari)
classes started at but by 7am would be there waiting, eager
rt classes started at but by 7am would be there waiting, eager
thank you for posting this.
the only actual witness. called “ gentle giant “ this is heartbreaking
after shooting , nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll
notice their all on welfare
because they do not know the facts
follow me. ill follow back asap. (not spam) !
has lost the moral right to tell the rest of the world how to run their affairs.
i believe money justice. does that count ?
after nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll
despite the latest blunder of the police department , i am hopeful for another night of .
i do not know how to remove the chief. sorry for the confusion.
you have too much time ? that does not make sense you dumb fuck.
thank you for all your hard work and the info you are sending out. great job !
link to family admitting that it is him. i watched the video (assuming it is him)
who has the power to remove the chief of police in ferguson ? mayor or council ?
from your lips to god is ear.
what blunder we now see what type of hostile community ferguson has had to deal with.
sorry i am busy at happy hour with other law abiding citizens, go protest
oh so the chief is different ?
any lawyer folk on your internets ? i know in pa the diff between town/city/borough defines who can
i thought you would be sewing white hoods.
get fucked sorry was that ignorant ?
you he could appoint a special prosecutor himself.
when was there a night of peace ?
frame a kid who assaults a robs from old men half his size ? lmao !
you have no link. ok.
your promoting people who incite riots ?
i hope sir. wish i was there to lend my support.
despite the latest blunder of the police department, i am hopeful for another night of.
stay educated in the bed you bate in. fucking bigot
gotta be a via a petition.
attempting to frame a kid with no criminal record is a “ blunder ? “
i thought you meant the prosecutor.
you and your 4 followers are the paragon of officialdom and evidence.
i resignation would be best and easiest, no ?
keep your ignorant comments to yourself.
this dude does not seem smart enough to retire with benefits
how can you not be moved by the people of
rt how can you not be moved by the people of
how can you not be moved by the people of ” amazing video
i will be moved once they realize and apologize for destroying their town without knowing the facts.
how can you not be moved by the people of ” amazing
how can you not be moved by the people of
how can you not be moved by the people of ”
were you there to protect officer wilson.
no violence ! just justice !
this is what it should be
no violence just justice ! ”
ya ' all stay in side !!!!
i think the cops antagonized a lot of the disturbances.
rt no violence ! just justice ! “ why settle ? have both
no justice. just us. “
i see you. praying for you & amp ; your city.
calling all journalists covering free coffee/wifi if you need a place to work !
word. time to rise up st.
thank you i can only imagine how much this is being appreciate.
that just earned y'all a follow. and a customer next time i am in town.
corner coffee house in has great coffee as well for journos who do not mind paying it fwd
calling all journalists covering free coffee/wife if you need a place to work !
hell yeah media is the fourth branch of government time for us to rise up like a phoenix
just be ready . when pd release the photo of , it will look something like this .
seems like these governors are off the hook !
... sounds like a hotness.
... you said it.
oh .... i was expecting a white foodie with eye holes cutout
and i would counter with and most people, start out loving pit-bull puppies. .
why not just photo shop his head and ferguson police patch onto that photo ?
sweeps hoping y'all are finding some sort of inner peace. emotions are high.
... hang in there.
just be ready. when pd releases the photo of, it will look something like this.
did not feel like it.
a reminder : a swat team the size of tx showed up to the top location , but not the
this a swat team showed up to the top location, not bottom one. ”
a valid point. do not forget law enforcement at buddy was federal, not local.
is a moocher and that guy is an asshole.
they are not it is called the 2nd amendment brother. .
: towns do not need tanks
well the county pd has all the fancy toys. ferguson does not
st. county is a lot bigger than 22,000 people ...
i wonder how the schools there are. do teachers have all the supplies they need, etc ....
sign and share petition calling 4 demilitarization of police ! & amp ; tell govt - no police state
i would rather they be broken down and the materials recycled.
have you read this + =
towns do not need tanks ” exactly why regular people should have assault rifles
towns do not need tanks
towns do not need tanks ! via “
towns do not need tanks
cops are not soldiers . soldiers are soldiers . if you want to be a soldier , enlist & amp
that is both moronic and insane. please do not link this horseshit to me again.
just thought you would like it
dis is the start. the amour trucks the riot gear
u not understanding what in saying i get ur point thou
not so much. but you are going away right now.
u must not of listened to it
the middle east should not be a war zone either they never asked for war
it is since senator declared it a battlefield under the ! get ready for the mess ahead !
black genocide in la via illegal immigration/latino gangs : ted hays
you have entirely missed the point of the statement and i am not interested in being derailed.
yeah. and you should be ashamed too. bye now.
police department justice is not here right now “
and they are being granted free will
that is probably a mistake. somebody should fix that.
it was derailed 2 hours ago when it was posted.
the is far more of a war zone than people care to acknowledge
i disagree block me dude
i was not talking about you ...
why on earth do you assume i do not know my own country ?
the warrior cop mentality has been carefully inculcated in the police to ready them for the tribulation ahead.
soldiers in a war zone can not even fire until fired upon. cops should be no different.
dead kids happen more and more from this inculcated mentality. it all must be opposed.
not relevant to this issue at all.
people who claim to be against big , intrusive government and for the constitution are cheerleading for the cops in
no just big spending “
just do not want big intrusive gov not in their wallet. everywhere else is fine by them.
neither that either. liberals believe government has duties to its citizens to help, nothing to do
no because there is no liberal who claims to be for “ big government “
conservatives are the biggest supporters of police brutality & amp ; extra judicial killings against blacks.
and not in the least surprising.
funny how that works.
can you substantiate that claim ?
could not the reverse be said ?
in their government is for protection and punishment. cops and military fill those roles.
police department justice is not here right now “
the only small intrusive part of government they want is the part that involves them their civic responsibility
when an issue like this arises, everyone is suddenly an expert.
police have brought out the large gear in .
they know they are in trouble ....
n i do not see a black cop an anywhere ! least not in this photo !
are they preparing for a riot or hoping for one ?
checked out no info. where is ? looks like us ??
armored personnel carriers for a ball game security ? lol !
could not wait to use their surplus war equipment. i am so sick of this.
thanks. believable. it is believable. unfortunate, but believable.
did not see one of those at buddy ranch
funny how they did not bring out this hardware when the t-partiers where protecting the buddy ranch.
like why does a place like ferguson even have this ?!
how is this remotely necessary ? “ : police have brought out the large gear in. ”
police have brought out the large gear in. ”
the militarization of the changes their attitude to protecting the citizens to protection from.
police have brought out the large gear in. !
because we are enemy combatants “ : police have brought out the large gear in. ”
to kill more innocent kids ? rt : police have brought out the large gear in.
where is the militia rt : police have brought out the large gear in.
4 star wanted level : police have brought out the large gear in. ”
an amazing disproportionate response to a community violated by their violence.
is a town of people. why would police there even have “ large gear “ ?
cc police have brought out the large gear in. ”
this after cops killed unarmed youth. rt : police have brought out the large gear in.
getting ready to kill more ppm ... rt : police have brought out the large gear in.
why do they need large gear ? no wonder people in are fearful. police are not rational.
are you and is that your picture ? thanks.
because they know what they did was a crime and that was an innocent
what is truly disgusting is that they will get away with it but only after getting a paid vacation
exactly ... these assault vehicles are showing up in small towns across the us.
the one on top is clearly riding it into battle.
martial law. police have brought out the large gear in. ”
highly unnecessary police have brought out the large gear in. ”
i rode my bike there when i was 10, can not imagine paramilitary police presence.
police have brought out the large gear in.
police have brought out the large gear in. over
rt police have brought out the large gear in.
where are cops slaughtering people this time ?!
police have brought out the large gear in.
scene right now just blocks from where was shot .
scene right now just blocks from where was shot. ”
scene right now just blocks from where was shot.
scene right now just blocks from where was shot. ”
it is called containment. think any protesters are going to try to get through that line ?
are those cops or army officers ? either way - wt ?!
that is fucked up. : scene right now just blocks from where was shot. ”
. is there no one with any sense to transform this ridiculous scene ?!?
scene right now just blocks from where was shot. ” money for tanks ? how ?
it is just insane. this is the type of image you get when you google police state.
scene right now just blocks from where was shot. ” a terrifying wake up call
if it were a few dozen regular cops with nothing but a badge, that is zero deterrent.
take this create jobs in ferguson. rt scene right now just blocks from where was shot
it is so needs to intervene ...
what exactly are they camouflaging against there ??? they are on streets !
now you are talking crazy ; can not kill unarmed brown people with money for jobs.
wow. wish they could send some of those guys to protect the border !
from what in hearing its swat
i have been watching this scenario since 1969. please pray for peace, calm and justice.
dear call your office !
looks like a scene from gaza ... sh ... right to assemble ?
they got the frigging national guard out there or something ??
scene right now just blocks from where was shot. ” looks dangerous
holy crap batman rt scene right now just blocks from where was shot.
dang. looks like 2011.
why do police have this rt : scene right now just blocks from where was shot.
tanks sure. cameras ? nope.
how many of the swat officers are people of color ??
look at all those cops !
but they can not afford cameras though
rest in peace mike brown .
respect rt rest in peace mike brown ...
rest in peace mike brown.
rest in peace mike brown. ”
thanks family hurting behind this we just lost a nephew thursdaynow mike
photos from
equal to or lesser than force. rt “ : photos from ”
less than lethal. it what this weapon is categorized as.
wow watch out everyone ebony sherlock holmes is here
who says the does not make anything anymore !
the police were probably like kids at christmas : could not wait to play with their toys.
you know they have just been champing at the bit to use that crap on someone.
photos from the rubber bullets the cops said they did not use
defense technologies .... right.
i see u !! u been out here !! all day and night !!
exactly. they have been itching for a confrontation ever since they purchased or were given military equipment.
munitions being used in : ”
rev jesse jackson leading procession to shooting site .
somebody asks how his son and daughter in law ... the felons ... are doing in fed pen
lining those pockets anyway he can and when he leaves people in will have same problems
a huge waste of time.
then we have this idiot.
race pimp finally found his walking shoes it seems.
rev leading procession to shooting site. ”
go fuck yourself you opportunist prick ! im laughing at the thought of you !
poor man has seen so much yet he still amazes me !
id trade or sharp ton to get the kid back.
gt jessaree gonna save me !, rib sauce swilling fake.
the call number is and the access code is 526050. 7:45 p tonight edt !!!
a 5th grade school line is what this is ..... follow me class
all this guy does is stir up trouble he should go home
it is about time. where has he been ? glad to see civil rights leaders appearing.
rt rev jackson leading procession to shooting site. ”
rev leading procession to shooting site. boring
rev and rev take your race baiting show somewhere else. you are the problem ! dividers🎺
rev leading procession to shooting site.
. is his mistress with him ? or his son ? oh wait, he is in prison ...
any where there is a camera you will find jesse jackson
what he should do is remember bill cosby is pound cake speech & amp ; preach the truth
police look on as protestors rally in
would be a great time to steal a donuts truck full of donuts
look on no, you mean barricade.
considerably less equipment : police look on as protesters rally in ”
police look on as protesters rally in ”
police look on as protesters rally in
that is anticipation of a coming mess.
no came etc. today ?
police look on as protesters rally in ” that guy on the right is fucked
police look on as protesters rally in ”
is in police are arresting protesters and reporters ???...
what are the police blocking off anyways ?
. would be great to see 100,000 protesting with our fellow americans in. no justice. no peace
this is not what democracy looks like rt : police look on as protesters rally in ”
no because its getting more attention i guess. have to protect image
it is so ugly down there. rt : police look on as protesters rally in
haven’t seen a police chief run from a microphone that fast since commissioner gordon said the joker was threatening gotham
anybody who did not think that was funny really needs to ease up !
sir you are a fool
you did warn me though when i followed low
no time for jokes frat.
i tried not to laugh and failed.
it is a lot more quiet here at as capt . johnson speaks . one guy just yelled " we
they all have the day off work ?
good morning world. sad song of “ palestine “ composed by deny conduit indonesia : v
how about the kid was a thief and was running from the cops
if you tie the hands of the police, we all might as well run for cover.
damn they surely are running out of vacation days by now
i am back in missouri
indict chief tom jackson for conspiracy and aiding & amp ; abetting . indict darren wilson for murder . convict
indict every cop who took part in their ' counter insurgent ' fucking terror operation too
that is the least that should happen
this is literally on fox news right now
gotta prioritize. rt this is literally on fox news right now
not if there are other things going on in the world at the same time i guess.
please do not the ferguson hash tag with non-ferguson stuff
what. rt this is literally on fox news right now
. i say kudos to fox. i need to keep up on my fantasy knockout game scores.
better shoot everyone walking down the street just in case logic.
this is literally on fox news right now
in sure there is nothing newsworthy happening now - especially not the militarization of the american police state
do you expect anything less ? they always deflect what they can not lie away.
fox would have covered the story if the police were facing off with white militia members.
oh my fucking god : this is literally on fox news right now ”
met a young man who told me , " we are not here for colors . black is not a
can i hit that blunt tho
contradicts the hundreds yesterday praying the cop was white. bunch of racists.
overkill in . officer will not answer my question about why this is needed . "
call him a not an officer.
riots and protests the cops killed that kid
rt overkill in. officer will not answer my question about why this is needed.
prime example of how young american men can not think for themselves ... they have become puppets all.
because police think they can do whatever they want to civilians and get away with it.
overkill in. officer will not answer my question about why this is needed. “
what the fucks going on there ?
if this is not a police state i do not even know
yeah i know but damn they are gonna unload on them rioters it looks like
i am so tired of society making black people defend themselves , even from under the grave .
i am so tired of society making black people defend themselves, even from under the grave.
like talk black man, human. yu blessed.
to be honest making this a black thing only conceals its true nature ...
wait for all the facts please
no. its not. the problem is the media only reports it when minorities have it happens.
police sniper pointing weapon at unarmed civilians . that’s nice .
this is what they went to the academy for
they just mid they have the right to protest low as their storm troopers look on
the military weapons should not be utilized by police at a peaceful protest. or any protest
police sniper pointing weapon at unarmed civilians. that’s nice.
missouri governor jay nixon is delivering remarks on the mike brown case .
until the police kill those using voice to skull more police will die thank god
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
more like stuttering the he does not believe his own shit !
he is not doing too well
governor jay is delivering remarks on the mike brown case.
live now rt governor jay nixon is delivering remarks on the mike brown case.
a few feet from where was killed :
a few feet from where was killed : ” chilling.
a few feet from where was killed : ”
you are dumb. there.
please get all the pictures you can of what their doing in viewers depend on real investigative reporting
that sign shows how vast the space is between the police and the community.
if you lib shits in the media say he had no prior law contact then prove me wrong !
a few feet from where was killed : ” so sad dude.
brilliant. we need to set up a registry like they do with sex offenders. inform the neighbors
definitely adding that tweet to my site.
a few feet from where was killed : ”
rt a few feet from where was killed :
rt a few feet from where was killed :
a few feet from where was killed :
why did swat team clear mid is ? just to get rid of ?
stupid. let it go.
a few feet from where was killed : ”
can you check on this guy
a few feet from where was killed :
rt a few feet from where was killed :
huh its been let go kiddo. i said my piece and kept it moving. bye.
the police department thinks it is a joke
a few feet from where was killed : ” follow him for live accounts in
what year are we in again ? this is looking like the 50s
right that is my thing !! dogs are completely unnecessary.
what year are we in again ? this is looking like the 50s
wow. rt what year are we in again ? this is looking like the 50s ”
why bring the damn dog anyway ? it is a bad visual no matter the context.
what country are we in again ? this is not looking like the usa.
this is not looking like the white usa. always been the black one though.
touché. shame on me for forgetting that.
captain johnson : " i know we are scared and i know we have fallen . but i know he
grew up in ferguson & amp ; was out last night participating in protests
so ... joint chiefs of staff ? what do you have in mind ?
besides caring may know more @ things -case community & amp ; situation -than you/me*shrug
some people could not get home at all.
i think we need to think bigger about captain johnson is potential !!
was referring to 😊
too for chief of homeland security !
. anything on the gentle giant “ ?
my question was one that u would not understand or get the reference to
please check out this site and support this movement that is going to change our story
he is going to pick us up “ god ?
he is going to have to - this is way beyond
k forget it then no need for animosity
more from this morning
here is the event page for thurs eve :
more from this morning ”
community cleans streets this morning ”
by looking at that i am not surprised there are guns trained on crowds
: mikebrown is tragic death is not a problem or a problem , it is an american problem .
the racial problem translates into economic inequality, the class problem !
i just stole that is that okay ?
mike brown is death not problem or a problem-american problem. ”
you are right about that.
chief says officer darren wilson devastated . mike brown unavailable for comment about his feelings because dead .
too bad this is just people bitching about race ... not about a kid getting shot.
. devastated this has gone national.
mt chief says officer wilson devastated. mike brown unavailable for comment.
exactly a little too late to be “ devastated “
or should have just arrested him if there was pc that a crime was committed
tell the dumb ass chief to sit his archie bunker looking ass down somewhere with that b.s. asap
congrats on your tweet !
what the officer is devastated about.
these 3 words say it all .
we stands with. power to the people ✊
these 3 words say it all.
these 3 words say it all. ” somebody tells are
we stands with. power to the people ✊ ”
better use of crayons that what criminal bib did at the un illustrating iran is weapons
troll somewhere else. i am not interested
and we are with ✊
may god bless you my brother. much respect and love
definitely and blessings unto you. love and respect
one love and one struggle baby !!!!!! we stand together & lt
st. louis county police tell me woman shot in the head and that a lt . on scene said she
which story is true · 1m several confirmations of one fatality tonight. female shot in head.
i should clarify she was shot once in head, police tell me.
thank you. working from the newsroom tonight.
do you have a number so we can contact her ?
any updates on the victim ?
is she going to be ok ?
went on to mutter “ in spite of our best efforts “ under breath
yes from what i have seen on instagram, she is going to be fine
this is what i saw and a couple more before it
big sigh. so relieved to hear that confirmed from a reliable source ! stay safe out there !
did they tell you who she is !? i think that is my friend.
big relief .... let is hope so. & lt
you know i am right.
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again .
do not suppose you have his reply ?
apparently she or another state senator has since been arrested.
senator maria naval. she was just arrested again for not moving.
i hope so. i will gas her !
what other options are there ?
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again. ” crazy
i saw her tweet she was not arrested.
i have heard from multiple sources she was just arrested again for not moving for the tanks ?
uh what rt state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again.
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again .”
has been corrected. she tweeted she was not arrested.
must really hate their state senators
“ when will young people of color is lives matter when they are alive ? ” -
it causes some to think i wish it would cause all to think before its too late
when will young people of color is lives matter when they are alive ? ” -
when they are a after that no.
in this country seemingly never.
... the media shedding a light is powerful. it causes us to think twice about heated situations.
black bodies are no longer swinging from trees , they are laying on the streets .
black bodies are no longer swinging from trees, they are laying on the streets.
or in prisons on bullshit drug charges
these pictures coming out of with what looks like military equipment on american streets should sober everyone up ...
indeed it should. etc ........ same struggles, different lands.
looks like military surplus equipment from iraq or afghanistan. city cops do not wear beige camouflage uniforms.
you think the will sober up the rioting thugs, chuck ?
please show up pd to express intent to sue re. violation of 1st amend.
who protects u from the folks that are supposed to protect u ???
only holds a pilot and pilot/weapons officer. no joyriding.
that would be cute and stop the riot
just those drunk in the idea that racism is dead
perhaps you would like them to arrive in little red wagons ?
fascism is alive and well in america.
no kidding ... this is just unbelievable !
guess the injustice is not a cause for the buddy ranch militia to assemble for.
damn i never get to have fun ha
it is exactly that. surplus military goods and homeland security money give locals a quasi-military force.
well i hold pay ... sorry.
it not only scares it disgusts me.
we do cool shit too ... but i do not disagree ...
the were protesting peacefully at kent state. nice analogy.
state all over again.
the moves they can make are incredible
why are not white pundits and national elected white officials speaking out ?
and deliver too.
that thing can do amazing things
we would need a good co pilot. ?
where has big media been for the last four days ?
i have a problem with light mayonnaise. really wt
lets go for a ride in that fucker
all of that military but not a single dash cam, or any kind of camera.
it should sober everyone up but it will not. there is a lot of racism in this country
just crazy. all of it.
bad craziness . rt swat has weapons drawn in protest in broad daylight w/ media attending
the media watching means it is all for show and nothing is going to happen.
this shit is crazy. fucking tanks & amp ; snipers & amp ; grenades & amp ; shit
what country do we live in ?
there was no difference last night. the police denied ppm their 1st amend rights.
no i know. the police are putting the whole neighborhood in check
no wait. media is still there
i thought this was a picture from missouri, not afghanistan.
they kicked the media out about 15 minutes ago
good point supposedly better educated. some1 forgot 2 teach 1st amendment
should be on the other hands ' brutality against our own people !
armed state to suppress the right of people to peacefully assemble- treason.
only difference is the outfits but they all have their faces covered like cowards
holy shit. please continue to shine a bright light on this insanity.
you know picketing war heroes is constitutional but protesting the killing of a child is a problem.
bad craziness. rt swat has weapons drawn in protest in broad daylight w/ media attending
if this shit is getting to be normal, then it is time we had a new government.
reminds me of the supporters.
the bold and not so beautiful
it looks like the national guard to me. i mean what police officer wears came ?
" they say we destroying our own neighborhood . we do not own nothing out here . "
no and his crew burnt down the homes of the indigenous people that were already here.
but do not try to justify and looting !
i wish i could ask christopher columbus the same thing ... rt .... some looting and burning ?
i did not say that it happened over night.
i will definitely check into. peace, love, and light. shine on.
so what does that have to do with the quote ?
founding fathers took the long view to free themselves from european tyranny & amp ; conquest epic.
have you thought of starting a stream channel and running it at times throughout the day ?
the oppressor only knows one language. name a revolution without violence ....
your coverage has been amazing. thank you.
thats great that you have black friends “
they say we destroying our own neighborhood. we do not own anything out here. “
the were not perfect men but had a vision dr king would not have had a legacy without them
look it up or dont run. you have google.
i just wanted you to know ☺ love and respect all around
i feel you on that goddess ! let is continue to build and see what the future holds.
misguided concept. you have been reading too much history produced in the public schools
the issuance will pay to rebuild or relocate businesses. can not be rebuilt nor his families pain
complete tweet at me when you want to have a real conversation.
all bullshit. seeing as though the letter “ j “ was not invented until after the 1600 is
and when doing what did they do ?
already done ... i am canadian.
of blacks can not be racist ! you keep thinking that ! goodbye !
that us good to hear. many negative things are attributed to the founding fathers that are not true
it is. sad.
and then how can you know what happened unless you were right there ?
you celebrate thanksgiving day and columbus day or do you protest it ?
i agree with you completely.
exactly. great reporting thank you. may the ancestors guide all the rebellion.
that was not the real jesus. i am sorry you were deceived.
if you can muster the courage read dines de sousa is america-imagine the world without her
and us history is not world history 😑 get a grip
your anger is an insult to good people and will ultimately be the destruction of your soul
founding fathers risk was first step forward to transform america and influence changes in europe
it took another 60 years to give women the right to vote.
absolutely not. i question the things that are taught in public schools as well.
and why would anyone protest those days ?
the same that was used to enslave my ancestors ? fuck you
in he is feminine. try again !
dying is not winning. or we would all be nonexistent.
they love there. do they not even know what neighborhood means ? ripferguson
i do not know where you got that from, but his name in hebrew is joshua.
i did not think it was. what is your point ?
i appreciate your history lesson for sure. i will keep that in mind.
incredible. i am cape. rt already done ... i am canadian.
you are saying they burnt down george washington is house !?!?
whats is white privilege cracker ass telling oppressed people that they should continue to take oppression
milk fans. what you want is evil and self destructive.
black people have the right to be angry !!!
did not happen over night it took almost a century to end slavery in which a war was fought
j is a y and y is an. try again
i fear i may have integrated my people into a burning house “ -mlk
hannity throws a softball to police chief
absolute hypocrite the scary thing is that his audience eats it up !
annuity makes me want t0 puke ~
like o orally and much of the rep party i.e. cruz, mcconnell, bother
heavily involved scam scandal ripping of veterans. he is scum to top all scum
his attitude towards buddy versus mike brown prove his racism.
lucky you. he literally makes me puke.
tell us how you really feel. lol
do you know which ? is it the koch supported cia ?
he is a typical jerk
just another two faced
that is seditious .... and out of line ... even for a pig like annuity !
is a racist idiot.
annuity is nothing more than racist scum.
got burned twice shy not willing to get completely behind chief jackson who lost investigation !
the should investigate for inciting a riot
the white inferiority complex redneck is already like that. would say anything to make a buck
is highly influential racist scum.
this is the one. does annual fund raising 4 them with bands, stars and huge rally
yes this is racist to the bone
ranch embarrassed the police state.
police state was thoroughly embarrassed. and lost. naturally they released some nonsense propaganda.
i have had a few of those in my life too.
annuity is nothing more than racist scum.
teenager shot dead. his trial. the court of public opinion
ron johnson says he would have liked to been consulted by chief jackson about today is release of info .
you think are a bunch of baboons !!!! not coordinating with cut johnson
hey look ! a must box at a presser, finally !
talk to bill at the pd about this
the officer all the way to the left looks like robin williams !
of course no one likes being used sh
michael brown was supposed to start classes at vatterott college on monday . instead gunned down in street by police
i am a young angry person sh i will be writing this later ! hoping to spread awareness !
if you have anymore personal details about him, id love to share it
police militarization on display in
we are not far from living in a country like v for vendetta
it would only take a. 50 cal. to knock those out.
if u wonder why r increasingly : police now “ trained “
not sure. apparently we do not have a good count last i heard.
would not even need that. they are big sitting ducks. intimidation is their main value.
. prepping for the real war against the middle class when the revolution against marginalization because of globalization starts
this is not what i want my country to be like “ : police militarization on display in ”
so that is where all those kids on milk cartons go.
they are all into pedophilia too.
if you have toys “, you will play with them.
police militarization on display in. makes me feel safe to know they are capable.
with a dual citizen & amp ; jesuit educated catholic what do you expect ?
rt : picture from earlier in the day , high powered rifles trained on protesters
rt picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters ”
those are cops looks like an invading army. this country has become too fucking militarized.
you see the cop grinning ? wtf ?
. rt picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters
rt picture from earlier in the day, high powered rifles trained on protesters “
yep those are cops. supposedly ' our ' cops but that is never been felt that way
that is crazy like we are actually in a war zone.
all white boys ready to take out them black ones with no disregard.
there is still no justification stated for to be shot to death .
if your life was in danger, what would you do ?
there is still no justification stated for to be shot to death.
and you were clearly dropped on your head you retarded, shallow-gene pool, mouth-breathing neanderthal asshole
i would lie for my kid too
do not include me in your racist bullshit.
if he went for the officers gun ... that is a justification for being shot.
no he is a dispatcher with a pt job at the dollar store. fuck off
suspect in convenience store robbery carries death penalty sentence. good to know.
fuck off. that is not what i said.
his was interviewed yesterday. “ guuuuurl “ you crazy !
come one fact or your a liar !!!!!!!!
find them yourself. is parents were interviewed yesterday
theres no justification for protests either as nobody has any idea what happened yet
worst press conference ever. let someone with intelligence and balls tell us what really happened.
will y'all be releasing wilson information ?
after the whistleblower revealed what was happening , he was summarily harassed , got drug tests , car taken &
they have gotten away so much. (typo)
..... y'all make sure this not be forgotten, everybody get your boogie yoga on !
they have gotten with too much and still calling people animals. smh
protests continue at the qt
fascism on the rise.
as they should wish i where there as well
the fault there lies with the police, for not releasing information still no info in the shooting
i am pleased with the way the state police officers are handling the process
are people in confirming that the man in the surveillance photo is mike brown ?
the deceased was not dressed in the same clothing as the person in those images.
apparently it was what he was about, as witnesses confirmed he stole the box of cigars
follow justice report bro.
. rt protests continue at the qt ”
the man in the video did not have on sneakers.
protests continue at the qt ” !!!!
innocent until proven guilty. yes it applies to police officers as well.
this is probably the greatest thing i have seen so far
powerful image. wanted to share.
this is probably the greatest thing i have seen so far
this is probably the greatest thing i have seen so far ”
yes i absolutely it technically can mean bad or good that is y i said that
you need to redefine greatest.
love it thanks for the share and it is true !
do you understand the definition of pandering ? bless your heart.
this is probably the greatest thing i have seen so far pose looks familiar low
this is probably the greatest thing i have seen so far ”
pander. awesome penmanship.
so cute. they are innocent in all of this. they deserve a better, peaceful future !
bullshit. no one of any race feels safe or respected by the police.
wait till one of those friends rape and rob you and get u hooked on crack
the protestors in are not armed . why is swat out there like they are raiding a weapons depot ?
i am going to assume you are high and fucking ' with me
oh. okay. ask la shop owners about that one.
i leave the house. i stay out of situations that could cause me harm
yeah you do. in private ? yeah. you do.
fuck how it sounds. fuck what the govt deems an adult. an 18yo is a kid.
just tear gas and pepper spray. no violence whatsoever.
yes even the first night. or did you think the dogs were there to keep things calm ?
have you responded with any ? other than race baiting ? thought you blocked me ?
good for those cleaning up. shouldnt have to clean up after an unhinged black youth
reflection on black people here.
is he implying that ppm had to take things from stores to survive that we are uncivilized ?
so they responded before he said anything ? bye
i thought your point was looting is inherently not peaceful ... which would be an accurate point ...
what threat 2nd amendment. it’s as basic a right as assembly. just like clive buddy.
black response a conclusion on human behavior based on two natural disasters ?!
just say fuck twitter format tho
explain to me what heavily armed men in body armor need dogs for to be safe.
yes it is. and so are you.
no your willingness to hand wave police brutality is the problem. i hope you learn the hard way
are you implying the tsunami did not ?
actually it is relevant. taking what someone has worked for is an assault against their person.
i am going to keep a good thought for you to reap everything you have sewn.
and there it is. you can not dress up ignorance and bigotry for too long.
an is not a kid.
sure i still would not make looting violence
they knew it was cold-blooded murder !
then feel free to follow & amp ; stay the fuck out of my mentions. bye !
how is an not a kid ? please enlighten us.
lets not forget there were riots in the streets just a few days ago
not a fan of card games sour puss. take care.
theory cops seek bloody confrontation w/ blacks to retroactively justify their own illegal behavior.
pretty sure is a racist troll who will ignore everything that does not fit his bias.
i am the actual not kidwhateverthefuck. i do not know this kid.
bye. sounds to me your half the problem.
then at what point does a kid become an adult ? when you want to define it ?
because they have been looting and rioting like a bunch of animals. idiot.
swat needs to be prepared and armed based on protocol. real crimes happened just two days ago
riots instigated by the violence of militarized police, but keep that smiley face
i was not aware that “ kid “ was a legally defined term.
if you have not noticed, white america hates black people !
trolls look for visceral responses. if i was trolling, i would say i did pretty well.
i stopped. now blocking as i go
the cops have been the aggressors all along rt because they have turned violent. and could again
its appealing to emotion. harming a child “ is worse than “ harming an adult “
my guess is dude works for fbi if he is calling for race war
an is legally an adult. that is the legal threshold. maturity does not matter
so you do not leave your house ? wake up. it could be you, next time.
yup i am sure you will. good day.
. he has 9 followers. 😂😂😂😂
against their person not everything bad is violence.
was not an armed protester shot last night ? . that is why they are there.
this whole situation has really had my block fingers active. thanks for keeping up the good fight !
who said that ever ' assume '.
it but ms. peaceful race batter sees it otherwise ... sans any examples.
like the riot in 2004 after the red so/yankees game. no tanks. no swat. nothing.
pretty sure amp are just trolling bigots. block & amp ; move bb
nor does the possibility of crime justify such a response.
yes it is. esp when unarmed
just stop the false between violence and property damage it does not justify the militarization of cops
why you talking to the witless bigots ?
not sympathetic to riots at any age. its not appropriate. protests are
so you would not mind me sticking you up for cash ?
the cops shot a kid
actually that story has changed repeatedly. no way to know if he was armed or not
not every one. but enough to turn now into a war zone.
reporting this ignorant fool for spam. obviously trolling.
not anyone else is fault you did not learn that before now
also the of followers i have is irrelevant. ganging up on me is not civil anyway
i am asking you you responded.
what about lighting someones store on fire ? does that become violence ?
wow sh you sir are part of the problem.
the race card does not work on me sweet
you will excuse us for not having more sympathy for a cop who shot an unarmed man.
i promise amp have no interest in facts.
can you give me some examples of peaceful looting ?
i think that is a tangent and a shitty argument.
the dogs and the weapons are there as a precaution. pre means before.
so you like police brutality when it comes to sparky goat ?
yeah except he was the one who got killed. and he was, in fact, innocent.
like they clean up after unhinged white ones ?
alright it is question time for racist whitey. your move.
do not waste our time with these pro police brutality trolls. he has 8 followers anyway.
he has been calling for the killing of white babies since right after the shooting.
not all blacks are uncivilized chanel. just too many of them are to ignore.
it makes it sound less heinous. im talking about how it sounds.
i did not say that.
ask shopkeepers in about it
looks like the worst full contact game of othello.
because he is one year over the legal age it is less heinous ???
the police dogs were there before they picked to body of the ground.
you would be more sympathetic to riots etc if he was one year younger ?
wrong. i have better things to do than indulge your fantasies.
yes sometimes they do. that is inexcusable. does not happen as often/same scale though.
but has more interesting tweets than you
because they have turned violent. and could again
the police do not consist of a few bad apples , the institution itself is rotten to the core .
many think hung representative police dept is not. they become indoctrinated 2b 1st, not black/brown
not as long as individuals are considered suspects because of being black.
main roads blocked off . found a back way . i am back at the qt in
had 3,500 followers before the ferguson riots erupted.
that is real be real safe reporting this# my city is failing me
be safe they can not be happy with your reporting. i am praying
where is the elected leaders ???
i would block off roads too for 4 cent gas !
why not the mayor is house ?
rt : state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again .
damn them some pig of ' fat
there is a town that is a no-fly-zone with a media blackout right in the middle of our country .
what are they doing that they do not want us to see ?
i can be there armed !
compete let us have our american “ fall “ like the arabic spring
do not want media televising.
that is exactly where we are headed.
this country is being taken from us all its near the end of true freedom.
why the no fly zone ?
i think this is a watershed moment. people will wait for investigation.
thoughts are with . we need 2 collectively take a stand against senseless violence that confronts our youth .
thoughts are with. we need 2 collectively take a stand against senseless violence that confronts our youth.
we also need to take a stand against people who think it is ok to rob others.
black people die 2 deaths : 1 ) by public execution & amp ; 2 ) an assassination of their
are you talking about ? stop for lotus 2016.
both speak to the need for real anti-racist struggles against these type of injustices
... that means you are out of decent arguments, i win.
congrats on your tweet !
this guy shot 11 people , including a congresswoman and a judge . he was apprehended alive .
point is white people get to live. black people are shot dead in the street.
what is your implication here ? every1 arrested for murder or only teens killed for allegedly stealing piggies
this guy shot 11 including a congresswoman and a judge. he was apprehended alive.
dude looks kinda though.
there’s plenty more where that came from, many of ‘ em even cop-shooters :
bring your religion into this. ?
yeah call 9-1-1 it is felony jaywalking in the first degree. what jerk offs pd
is that the best you can do ?
congrats on your tweet !
oh now that you mention it .....
different different different circumstances ...
that does not make any sense at all. please leave your ignorance else where dear sir
the point is that why is this 30 y/o man arrested and an unarmed teenager is shot ?
can provide you with any evidence you need bro.
because the mainstream press is giving him exactly what he wanted, .
is that why he is smiling ? smh
so what does that prove, anyway ?
you are right. this is the first unarmed black man killed by cops recently. idiot.
there is no doubt some truth in that. is the solution to rant and riot ?
every single day people are murdered by power hungry fascists with badges. what would you do ?
congrats on your tweet !
wow powerful when you put it that way.
that was actually my first thought.
would not shut i do not have a gun '
i am happy living elsewhere ... but i do not like blanket condemnations of anyone ... incl police.
i think the point is why shoot an unarmed teen and not an armed adult ?
this engineered a dispersal of a sit-in that resulted in 1,000 deaths, and was elected president
ironically they likely saved his life.
it is probably he complied when confronted by police
but jaywalking .... well that is another matter !!
based on a culture of police racism all over the usa is what i base it on.
alive because he was attacked by victims as he failed to reload, read -
mt this guy shot 11 ppm, incl a congresswoman + judge. he was apprehended alive.
i will support the good ones when they start turning the bad ones in.
if your your all right. the old song instill true.
is there any evidence besides this tweet ?
awareness of over policing of minorities/african americans does not benefit from misrepresentation.
as he should have been.
looks like a family member of rick scott is !
you can say that based on one example ?
vs see the difference ?
explain how he was a thug ?
there is lawlessness in but not on the side of the protesters !
does not love or
people that wear suits murder more people than people that wear saggy pants. perhaps you are thug.
i the black community needs more organization, less rioting to have a better public case.
the man in the on the right has a melanin deficiency and possibly a mental disorder.
. and even after not one “ patriot “ sniper arrested from
police must take all breaches of the law seriously. nothing should be ignored.
there are too many laws and the people do not make them.
vs see the difference ? ” the right picture is why framers have us !
it is a police state were living in.
absolutely true. if they were not so uncivilized, they would make police have to shoot them.
the kid was with collaborating witnesses.
they have brought the dogs out in
of course they did ... they shoot then they bring out dogs for protesters. . what b s
kill an unarmed kid amp ; bring out the dogs. smdh.
wow they have brought the dogs out in ”
they have brought the dogs out in ” ”
they have brought the dogs out in ”
they have brought the dogs out in
they have brought the dogs out in ”
wow they have brought the dogs out in ”
they have brought the dogs out in ”
revisiting history huh : they have brought the dogs out in ”
crowd circa : they have brought the dogs out in ”
where are you in the crowd ?
taking it back to the 60s “ : they have brought the dogs out in ”
they have brought the dogs out in ”
bad comparison. circa 1950 no social media or media access. people would already be getting pounded.
they live for moments like this, can not wait to confront the angry black mob
police in have not been wearing identification : via / fire the pd .
why not what are they hiding ???
another wrong to add to ever increasing list !
they all need to go.
the feds must investigate this police force for multiple abuses of power, rights
... extract savings from former expenditures in order to pay back old debt. just a psychotic thought.
just like the police in 1968. history repeats itself.
can you read they were asked to remove them for their security because of internet vigilantes.
it is helicopters flying in . how a drive by happen and y'all ai not spot it ??! with west
wait .... i thought there was a faa warning. 😒
how did a drive by occur and only one person wounded ?
ferguson police have dogs and shotguns . the unarmed crowd is raising their hands .
guns kill people.
wish some people had dogs also like pits
yes. and then they will kill lighter- and lighter-skinned folk until there is nobody left.
police have dogs and shotguns. the unarmed crowd is raising their hands.
horrible. those brave people.
somehow , whenever there’s a police brutality case , the victim is reaching for someone’s gun . it’s weird ,
no you are thinking of white people who shoot up innocent people in public spaces.
that is the script. oh and “ there was a struggle “.
do not forget altercation “
i do not know the link, friend showed me
yeah cut it is there and every one knows a police officer has one
which makes the police would be more violent if someone is taking their weapon ...
not even white. why would u assume in white. must be that ignorance shinning through.
police over react and exaggerate the situation
usually only white people make egg accounts to troll people.
i am defending this guy ! outraged that something like this happened
no need to start shitting on whites. jeez, let is stick to shitting on these cops
all in is it was a security camera and it was fox news if that helps at all
yes it is total bullshit !!!
u must got a metro pcs huh ? u look like u got a metro pcs.
also a video of brown assaulting officer
what are they going to say next he shot himself
do not feel hopeless if you are far from . organize your block or your hood . unite tenants ,
are any black bloc in ? they are really needed there.
militarized police are literally marching through , missouri and ordering people into their homes .
needs to go with the rest of the politicians !
check out this for video clip :
militarized police are literally marching through, missouri and ordering people into their homes. ”
militarized police are literally marching through, missouri and ordering people into their homes. “
soon people will be begging the army to step in to protect them and the coup will be complete
militarized police are literally marching through, missouri and ordering people into their homes. ”
departments computers were hacked !!!
militarized police are literally marching through, missouri and ordering people into their homes.
is that a bag of chips ?! rt : may be the dopest photo of the year
rt is that a bag of chips ?! rt : may be the dopes photo of the year
it is a bag of combos q
the product placement implications are tremendous.
there is a dangerous socioecon war occurring in the us . we must use our collective voice & amp ;
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
there is a dangerous socioecon war occurring. we must join voices & amp ;. ”
i will. you can count on me !
cause you can best believe they are going to.
while the initial looting in was deplorable , it is clear the town is now the victim of a huge
i have seen lots of race baiting on both sides since this began. pretty unfortunate and counter-productive.
i do not even know who an is, hahn
this is the one situation where marshall law is good
where are the buddy ' three-percenters, now that they are really needed ?
agreed. i should have said “ both races. “
those government agents are itching to turn the us into a police state
. and as with any protest-turned-riot, always a possibility of agents provocateurs
it is this guys boss.
video entry gets rock ny man investigated per the request of comes office & amp ; secret service
: teenager will not start college on monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer . ”
how to set filters on your tweeted media so that people are warned before they see this.
unreal talk about excessive force !
not sure what the message to is going to be exactly but you can count on one . support
i know what it is going to be. loud.
you can definitely count on one.
my feelings in an edition towards massacre in & gt ;
you do not even know where to stand ,but you promise to make a stand .😂
they were suspended not too long ago. so ....
not sure what the message to is going to be exactly but you can count on one. support
i am blocked and not sure why
did not u hear cops said the teen earned his 6 bullets by resisting arrest. obvious
all the murders of all races by cops this year ... why this one getting so much attention ?
that is my home i want in.
i’m in and the witnesses are telling a chillin story . this young man was truly executed .
rt i’m in and the witnesses are telling a chilling story. this young man was truly executed.
we need to do something. too many black boys have been murdered.
" your right to assembly is not being denied . "
just the good old usa !
what in the fuck did violence ever get anyone ? usaully a lot of people dead
u will be treated like the iraqi and afghan people under occupation.
police department justice is not here right now “
strongly discouraged to say the least. if this was a militia town ... holy hell
your right to assembly is not being denied. “
from all indigenous peoples suffering from colonialism
just your right to damage property and lives is being denied.
welp ! rt : chief says officer darren wilson devastated . mike brown unavailable for comment about his feelings because
wait ... what that is supposed to be a joke right ?
rt this cartoon says it all : via via chattanooga times free press
the upper once again has the 99% at odds with each other via poverty.
charge resume rt rt via (via)
such a sad statement for 2014
rt this cartoon says it all : via chattanooga times free press
this is a fake. you might not want to perpetuate this. just saying ' ... 😉
what the fuck are you looking at through a mounted gun scope . they are protestors , not insurgents .
given a uniform amp ; gun & amp ; they are full on assholes.
insurgents like buddy militia ?
and they are right in front him. wachu need a scope for people 10 yards away for.
amp why common citizens have the unalienable right to keep and bear arms !
that is not in or ? wtf !
they are people destroying a city and acting violent, regardless of how righteous the cause
just ready to kill something. smh.
this small playing a multiplier fps ass night
this cartoon says it all : via via chattanooga times free press
y what am i goggling ?
i will there is a bit, and you in your mind what that is.
the police consider that armed “.
slaughter of white farmers amp ; oppression of whites in africa
what did u not understand ?
maybe he is just got a guilty conscious
boom. we have a caption winner
man that is the most suspicious thing you could ever do when a cop drives by
congrats on your tweet !
if only he were draped in a rainbow flag, too !
no mention of the boot is on the other foot now who are the racists now ?
you need to give me at site to google
did not understand your tweet ?
conscience and looks to me like you could use one
this cartoon says it all : via chattanooga times ”
passing and the looming threat of race war
yes it does in state is more racist today than in the 1980s.
what has brought us to these cops against citizens its due to power hungry circle wagon
that is heartbreaking things should have never been this way, but dammit its 2014 people.
only thing missing is the open carry rwnj with a rifle slug over their arm
i can not stomach another campaign . real justice is not a conviction . it is black ppl not being
sounds like he was fleeing a cop with his hands in the air.
and of whites murder other whites, and 90% of hispanics murder hispanics ... your point is ??
a 18 year old unarmed, gets shot 10 times with hands up by cops.
it is not just black people. militarized police are shooting first and asking questions later. homeless worst
i think we won’t really know until at least tomorrow.
i would just like to see justice, for all, for real.
it’s completely insane.
there’s been a slew of these. eric garner too.
congrats on your tweet !
go preach to black people to quit shooting black people then.
real justice values life murder = serious repercussions no matter age gender /sexual orientation
congrats on your tweet !
the difference between " unrest " and " patriotism " is directly proportional to how black the protesters are .
you sure are one racist little nitwit are not you ?
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
25 fans your tweet has been favorite by 25 people.
congress considering legislation to demilitarize local police in wake of brutality
as i away the world will change.
congress considering legislation to demilitarize local police in wake of brutality
should we start bombarding our congressmen to support the smile act ?
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
civil servants should not be armed and allowed to inflict violence. ” i agree !
wow. i am very impressed .... if they actually follow through and pass the legislation.
. it is nice to dream ...
local cops so when heavily militarized feds come calling there is no local resistance ! simples
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
watch the video let me know if its true the truth will set us free !
civil servants should not be armed and allowed to inflict violence.
laying on of hands for capt . ron johnson before begins another night of protests .
congrats on your tweet !
laying on of hands for capt. ron johnson before begins another night of protests. ”
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
powerful. and beautiful. thanks
it is not funny. it is the right thing to do.
just so. impressed by him
the faith of capt. why did he talk about jesus/peter today ?
capt truly i love this guy.
this picture tells so much about a good and decent man. if only we could clone him.
laying on of hands for capt. ron johnson before begins another night of protests. ”
laying on of hands for capt. ron johnson before begins another night of protests. ”
mt laying on of hands for capt ronjohnson before begins another nice of protests
laying on of hands for capt. ron johnson before begins another night of protests. ”
the touch of a good woman is hand has power to bless.
laying on of hands for capt. ron johnson before begins another night of protests. ”
may god bless him and keep him safe. through christ our lord, amen.
rt laying on of hands for capt. ron johnson before begins another night of protests
downtown kandahar , afghanistan , i think . or , mo . someone help with location .
in some people in uniform would be black. in, not so much.
soldiers will not take up arms against americans period !
rt downtown i think. or, mo. someone helps with location.
might as well be the same damn thing in the minds of the authorities !
i believe it is missouri !
downtown i think. or, mo. someone helps with location.
time for the federal government or at least the state of mo to get involved here.
an unarmed 17 year old kid shot 10 times & amp ; once in the head ?!?! not sure how
it was a warning shot over his head ..... and he is big for his age “
they will but they can not !
i am currently waiting to hear more ... seems odd to me !
white male goes on shooting spree : " troubled nice guy needed help " black male , unarmed , gunned
reverse racism is not the answer here. 2wrongs = ! 1right.
black male violence in has nothing to do with eric garner
coach of course all senseless violence is tragic. but it does not all have the same origin.
black male violence in chi has nothing to do with mike brown
well he robbed a place then attacked a cop so uh yeah he was a thug you fucking idiot
disagree. at the hands of another human being, all senseless deaths are equally abhorrent.
not reverse just pointing out media hypocrisy.
even the police chief said he could not confirm the robber was mike brown you fucking moron !!!
indeed. that is without question.
and if it was a muslim they would instantly be al ada
let me be very clear : the police and america are playing with fire if there is an attempt to
so we just stop trying ? not going to do that. i do care.
time to end police militarization now !
time to end police militarization now !
time to end police militarization now !
time to end police militarization now !
time to end police militarization now !
will walk. run 4 vote, register people to vote, drive them to polls
no one knows the details yet, quit acting like you know shit.
exactly. even the guy that shot up that movie theater walked out alive.
when you see citizens as enemies ... rt : police have brought out the large gear in . "
when you see citizens as enemies ... rt : police have brought out the large gear in. “
they always waiting for the moment
. protect and serve “ is not what they are doing in
something being talked about tonight is the makeup of the police dept . here is a breakdown :
the black ones are not much fact often worse. like women.
yes describe people protesting police officer killing michael brown as " mob " . then , edit , " crowd
we really need to stand as a people against corrupt gov not ... all us.
what is the difference between a mob and a peaceful demonstration ? apparently -- skin color.
i would rt your statement daily if i could. how quickly some (ppm) forget
that is why we the people must stand together.
they shot an unarmed child in the street without consequence
the were described as a militia defending their constitutional rights. skin color. they had guns.
white people at the buddy ranch pointed guns at cops were called patriots. blacks protest = mob.
and yet another instance of police being too quick to snuff out the life of an african-american.
mob begun they are if they are the t-party, it is a crowd.
that is how they view us when more than 1 gets together.
2 of bands patriots killed two cops. i have not heard much about that !
i know i know !
like who is a ppm looking for food after katrina were hungry ... balks were “ looters “
let me study this and see what the difference is
and there were no police presence with m-16s.
rt : someone please remind me what year it is again ?
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
occupation is a crime , to ! antiwar committee chicago
occupation is a to ! antiwar committee chicago
. beware of violent street gangs in . here is what they look like .
. beware of violent street gangs in. here is what they look like.
breaking special broadcast & lt ; duffs say multiple confirmations
the name of the game is “ find the real terrorists “ in
and is handler, from the day recruited until the day he died ' 01
time for you to get nasa back under control
sorry the site is a bit of a train-wreck - blame your taxes & lt ; go sgt ;
notice the dump attached oil aka colonel tim osman state dept
we are doing everything we can this end ; every police force at it, all across the uk
no outside rescue is you have to do it yourselves
nice to know it is a game. gee, so fun.
if you had acted then you would not be facing now
right now you need their command and control systems taken out and fast
the second revolution can be fun “
we have the 4th amendment which may be lawfully enforced by the 2nd.
. today we are looking at the two faced monster, . . fuck it. kill it.
instead everyone wants to get all down and depressed about it why ? why not, make it ...
fear is the mind killer - reverse the terror and make the terrorists feel terrified ' bout time
wonderland message the white rabbit ! just dodge the well known monster
mirror gt gt ; mystery solved : the etc was nuked on 9/11
former national director of etc
or guess what we think is coming to many american cities next
fun for the dog ... the white rabbit ! on the road 2
their plan leaked censored nazi us work/death fem camps - gop/dem exposed
and we do not think he is lying, for a moment
the real got terrified, for a nice big change v
660 arrests 10,000 leads in (police swamped) promoted into power yr place 2
us update gt & gt ; styrofoam ? clever clogs low
breaks secret treaty with another want dump
300,000,000 of 50,000 hardcore nazis we estimate get them running for cover
nullify campaign = nazi truth !
and good honest had fun, making them so
and everything will bee june fine
brute force is now operative !
we have been taking assassination attempts etc - and more black tech bullshit than you would believe
we had big problems somewhere we should not have had them, but hopefully that is sorted now
i hate and zionists. i was surprised to discover that zionists funded hitler.
these are the comments by . loud and wrong .
these are the comments by. loud and wrong. sounds baffled
and as i stated before his statement is accurate to an extent but not to this situation
it is not an effective or progressive statement therefore its unneeded
love you mores gonna call you tonight we have an offer for you 😊
. rt these are the comments by. loud and wrong.
and they kill each other the same as we do so.
girl ... these are the comments by. loud and wrong. ”
absolutely they do and more crime is committed by them than by us.
rt “ : these are the comments by. loud and wrong. ”
sometimes shutting up helps a lot !
which part is tho ? honestly ? “ : comments by. loud and wrong. ”
save the twitter he is not foundation ally incorrect, i do not think.
the problem is not who does it more, the issue is people paid to protect being unjustifiable murderers
i can make out some sort of point in this i think
added to the list.
... i just want people to get it
she gets off at 12 but you can text me if that is easier
is not azalea his label mate ? response seems accurate.
these are the comments by. loud and wrong. ”
thank you i seen that is sad
he is certainly hyperbolic. we kill us more than they do. those are facts.
the fucking irony. blocking that stupidity.
i do not feel like finding the 100 emory. but you are 100 percent right.
cops keep complimenting crowd , says we are working together on this , crowd not buying it chant " hell
thank you for cooperating while i have several machines guns pointing at your head.
is it me or does the guy on the pa sound like john left ?
happening now in
not sure if you have noticed, but i randomly tweet is name when shit like this happens.
where are the white protesters ? seriously, wt white st louis ? have you no compassion ?
thank you for the coverage thus far
happening now in ”
happening now in ”
happening now in ” follow this guy, lee.
happening now in ”
not sure why police insisting on facing off against peaceful protest. over reaction.
something have to changed about cop killing african american men just because nothing we happen 2 them
happening now in hearts go out to them 💚💚💚 it is not right what is happening
happening now in ” look at police stance.
. seeing people march makes me mad. it does nothing.
one pattern of the last few days : after police move the media out of the area , they become
that is exactly the is not it ? we need police accountability for every situation.
just like in many schools move parents out the way- statuesque gets heavy handed
because the protesters keep forgetting to display these
the world is wondering why americans do not rebel more.
sounds like same tactics employed by on
or at least get off their lazy behinds and install the dash cameras
the newspapers in and switzerland wrote about the killing in ferguson. the world is watching ***
. i am jacked is complete lack of surprise.
of course they do which is why police should be required to wear cameras.
we were being threatened with arrest if we did not leave
i have heard that from numerous people
can you provide some examples ? please continue to share
second lawsuit filed yesterday by to protect & amp ; video police public activity in
second lawsuit filed yesterday by to protect & amp ; video police public activity in
thank you for this !
how many lawsuits totalling how much $$$ are going to come out of the recent events in ?
many for nobody affected was nearly white enough.
help me destroy the gov not sign my petition
how about you admit occupy and anonymous filmed all that last year ?
a respectively
let is just say the u.s. will be taking out a second mortgage from china
maybe someday it will not be about lawsuits but rather change and justice
lets just say every one might be rich there they just went through some crazy shit
tons and its sad.
talk about putting a country in debt ...
how many lawsuits totaling how much $$$ are going to come out of the recent events in ?
they will probably pay a settlement arrest more people seize their assets ??? profit
right now in downtown clayton in front of the buzz westfall justice center .
was taking one rim ... lieu
yeah i saw the news ... saw you looting the rim shop .... throw some is on that big
right now in downtown in front of the buzz west fall justice center.
. protesting is one thing ... what the looters are doing in is wrong !
you butcher in them ferguson streets ?
can we not say hey ho please really.
that is exactly right. he is a leader who is on the streets with the people. rare
beautiful right now in downtown clayton in front of the buzz west fall justice center. ”
mad props to mr french. he is been on it !!!
rough transcript of pd were unaware of shooting for 2hours-plz save camp ; rt
they make good rap video props lao
when you break out the hey, ho, you know it is serious !
i vote next mayor of ferguson ! then bigger and better things
right now in downtown clayton in front of the buzz west fall justice center. ”
hope he goes at some point then can have my vote too ... low
let is join them !!!!
he is got my regardless of party he chooses to run with.
right now in downtown clayton in front of the buzz west fall justice center. ”
cops or soldiers ? pentagon , dhs helped arm police in with equipment used in war
. they used to do it in foreign lands. now they are doing it in home land ...
you missed the connection. israel is training all our dds and local police forces.
only the police should have guns
at buddy ranch to enforce a grazing fee fine elm sent snipers and trained weapons on women n children
obviously their intent is to murder more black people ...
sick turds learn how to ignore the law and get away with it ? likely.
stay home and fix your own problems.
i did. enlarging it makes it too fuzzy.
dean of copied on this, does. he works for cnn not all of them.
i see how the usa is learning. ferguson. missouri tells a lot.
you immediately ask mm about israel ? turn off your tv.
here is more info on israel running dds and local law
the media should know we are not having ' it-regardless of who owns them.
let is fight rapists with water pistols
why does the have so much surplus ?
is training police department heads in america ?
their house rep lacy voted for it.
and anyone else they think is not intimidated by their bully tactics ...
o need civilian security force just as well funded/armed police dds fbi etc all been militarized mission accomplished even
no police state would have anything less.
this is wrong. for your report on this today. about time the media catch on
thanks. very scary stuff the hate from israel and the us of the middle east
well we may use it all when isis comes to town. but not before that !!!!!!!!!!!!..
this image is unreal . cops in dressed & amp ; armed for war , confronting a lone protestor
absolutely. making that connection is crucial. can not support or ignore this behavior elsewhere
militarized cops acting like they are in kandahar or falujah make the situation worse
yeah but the video of this exact picture shows the same thing just a different angle
because us police quelling a riot are equal to totalitarian government in china ?
world always did and will always fight empires. eurohumans are disappearing
there is more than one angle. he was walking alone.
and leaving legacies of vile hunger to coerce and attempt to subject others to miseries
cops acting like a military force makes me think of china, not the us.
my point precisely. i only think modern military equipment is scarier looking.
are they really that scared of black folks ??? this is crazy !
the square tank man “ had a lot going on around him too.
so what you have snipers on bridges aimed at officers ! who shot @ or killed them ?
i think if you looked at 1960s riot gear, you would see a similar strategy.
will not be even one deal from the africa meting the other day that will not involve
go somewhere with that good ole box. i am going to wake up new black panthers !
the man behind the uniform. inspiring kids
you will start calling us terrorist !
racist pig gainer go take several seats. reagan change gun laws because of,
this image is unreal. cops in dressed & amp ; armed for war, confronting a lone protector
unarmed were not only ones in. rioters and looters ruin protests for good folks.
is this rt cops in dressed & amp ; armed for war, confront lone protector
have a good day in court.
at last democracy or better global fascism
it is racist to want to see the other direction in a photo ?
did that guy in the picture loot ?
he is obviously super human and could take them all with his super powers
exploitation of the with collaboration from their african “ leaders “
cops act that way when there is rioting, looting and arson.
talk about damn
i do not believe police response to riots has changed much. but the equipment looks scarier.
it is insane. and so very sad.
looks like rt cops confronting a protector
unreleased crime scene footage have to open in safari)
next up on fox news : here is some footage of angry black people in with no discussion about why
and i am not your bro
stupidest tweet i have ever read. idiot.
admit it is right that is y ur mad bro.
and yet there are people dumb enough to watch hsbc. albeit only about 5.
all these damn fox news white hockey crack racists ... i hate em !
you got to be with the kkk
next on twitter obnoxious liberals assuming all the facts
welcome to our motto is : we leave the issue to the viewers ' imagination
and calm down bro do not take itself so serious. i do not
no one with an larger than their thumb nail watches that garbage.
easily 50+ officers asking protesters to leave in over rally
you mean soldiers 50+ officers asking protesters to leave in over rally ”
whose authority is this ? unlawful ?
easily officers asking protesters to leave in over rally
the whole situations been sad. we should be better as a nation.
this is not open for discussion “ = asking
. asking. ok.
cause will tell you what really happened ... * rolls eyes *
. it looks like we are fixing to go to war with china ... “
what are the protesters asking for ? sadly, i have not kept up with this story.
maybe but it is foolish to go up this gang called police.
the unjust murder of 18 y-o mike brown by a police man
those guys really love to play dress up ... maybe they will put on storm trooper outfits next.
journalist being arrested or sent away by the police. they do not want witnesses.
yeah it is all been really extreme
looks like they are ready to deploy to a war zone not move legal protesters
. or what mow the protesters down with automatic weapons ? no justice/no peace.
you do not ask “ with loaded guns and tear gas.
word is that state sen. maria chappelle-nadal is one of the members of the peaceful protest.
local media is not covering ?
watch it lives. it is insane. it is a peaceful protest, not an invasion.
all that but not a single camera, dash cam, etc.
not even the local reporters are there. why not ? it does not make any sense.
where was , liberals , obama ?! almost exactly one year ago in missouri
give unto what is caesar is
god calls it justice. slavery n jim crow are defined as evil hate
grammar bots. what will they think of next. thier they are looooooooooooolwut
yes the whites were wrong to buy slaves. then you would not be able to complain.
why yes robot i did.
the us was founded by europeans. then they got offers from africans to buy africans.
they are in hell all of them pal
i fight the fight. thierderdem
just you never mention the horrible black africans that started slavery
south had to buy from traders.
did i say no god ? no just brought up dante is inferno
where almost exactly one year ago in missouri
white girls have improved over the years. lol
did not slavery and crow get banned ? by whites ?
love the flag that allowed slavery, jim crow and fugitive slave acts ... amy go away
my hero is keep the white slave owning founders as yours along with their jim crow spawn
in hell all them white southerners
be sure to read the comments section.
so which nation should we fashion ourselves after to make your perfect world ?
he tries to i let him hang himself on stupidity.
i love all women with a nice ass not a racist dog like whites who founded this country
damn white democrats crow laws & amp ; kkk
they were evil is what they were. wrong does not demand hell but evil does
i only do unto 4 tweets to the dweebs. just cause i cannot phantom their thought patterns
me confused. nope do not believe in any of the forms of slavery. none of them.
you are getting but hey, it is your dime.
you realize he is just troll-baiting you, yes ?
i have ice water in my veins. i ask questions let him answer
some times a hero steps up and has the guts to stand up for white people.
black chicks have the best booty. blackolicious !
so they are in hell with founders thank god
unless you are looking and dante is infernal. in that case hell is very trippe
i had not even heard about this
trayvon martin , jordan davis , jonathan ferrell ... and now . who is next ?
how many more will be shot before our government does something about racism in our police departments ??
ferrell ... and now. who is next ?
the police just killed another unarmed black man video
the purpose of law enforcement is to protect the community and serve the law
police department justice is not here right now “ via
this is who is next sadly
ford of lost angels answers your question.
every black person should drill this in their heads : we are in jim crow 2 . 0 .. and
i but nobody cares about a white guy getting killed buy a black cop
it is on fake radial right/white supremacist sites
he is walking around yes
waste of time. this dude is most liking trolling.
and at all costs “ does not apply to twitter debates
so u can not point to anything else ? correct
i care when any innocent person gets killed. for you to care, they must be black
so name calling on twitter is your response sir ?
so it needs to be a specific method of killing ?
no he is not he is informing us in what is going on so we can brainstorm
how do you know this cop will go unpunished ?
how many gun shots does it take to claim self defense ??
no but what you can do is hopefully understand why some folks feel the way they do
my point is. labeling entire groups benefits neither of us gentlemen. handle stuff case-by-case.
if we stop talking about cancer, will it go away ?
okay well i will not.
no the motivation is that these cops go unpunished for killing unarmed black teens
shockingly it is true amp ; surprisingly he is free, but he was fired from pd
case by case basis. how many times have you had to defend yourself with a gun ?
i guess it never occurred to any of us that shoplifting was punishable by death.
no it is not ?
just waking up i see tweets from so i know the suspected white supremacist are getting it started early
garner was killed on camera and the cop had not been punished yet
is the disproportionate amount of black on white crime “ profiling “ ?
of crime scene yellow tape ? clips of news reports ? thought so. foh
he better fucking sweat it because he is what is wrong with this country, in the racial sense
stop using the terms black “ and “ white “ and you will see the issue
so what should be the punishment for all these white cops beating up and killing unarmed black people ?
can you fucking listen to what i am trying to get across to you ?
too fucking bad dude when your people decide to judge us all we have the right to retaliate
the cops are we should not point that out ?
killing someone in self defense is not a crime. that seems to be what happened here.
does not make a difference to me you still look like them
you missed the part about being profiled for it which can cost your life kinda like jordan davis
you said with a choke hold “
you think a few actions of cops would change stats that contain thousands in the sample/study ?
and that means what exactly ?
now it is time to block dave because he is using the white supremacist tactic of wasting time.
please my tweet and answer the question
there is not enough room for it here. would you like an email ?
43 followers huh you guys are getting lazy with your trolling accounts
profiling is real it is not a fucking game dude
so you were there on that day and you saw exactly what happened ?
what areas in the country are black people totally safe from suspected white supremacist cops then ?
the story is fucking true. do you want me to find another one for you ?
stop sitting by allowing white cops to murder unarmed black people and then get back to me
the was started by nathan redford forrest. stop trolling
i only posted that to disprove the idea that there are no corrupt black cops.
oh yea by who ?
it is the only case that is exposed by media
i can name at least 7 innocent unarmed black people killed or harmed by cops in the last month
the witnesses r telling a different story. at first the police said the boy was stealing.
stop saying white cops. you are fucking offending white people, if that even matters anymore
i swear to you i am not
i am not responsible for the actions of others or unrelated people and neither are you.
and he mobs of hundreds of black teens go unpunished for robbing stores and beating innocents.
this is an article of what happened in ferguson, mo
and largely they do yes. they will arrest 1 or 2 of 50
everybody who breaks the law should be punished.
what should be done about law enforcement committing murder against unarmed black people ?
but no one said that. so you are arguing against something u made up
think what you want you know damn well how this system is set up
they are battling each other to fight over who controls the non- white people
why do supposedly upstanding police enable this behavior if they are really that much better ?
so are u saying blacks are more prone to crime ?
you are the one saying it is not about race, correct ?
please post a story about a black cop killing a white person with a choke hold
you are trying to piece together a truly intellectual argument and it is falling apart
can you provide proof of that sir
enlighten us what areas in the country are black people totally safe from suspected white supremacist cops then
what are you talking about ?
mobs of hundreds “ of black teens going unpunished for robbing stores
so you are saying that all these black people deserved to be killed, correct ?
the author of that book has had his bs debunked already
the article you put up were using the terms “ black “ and “ white “
there u go. i was waiting on the trolling to begin. good day
he was off duty when the altercation happened. he was not in uniform
maybe you should stop race baiting and throwing unfounded accusations around. wait for the facts.
read the book. it might enlighten you.
single most asinine tweet i have read all year. you sir are a race baiting jackass.
does not defeat my argument either way
corrupt cops of all races are dangerous. we need to all acknowledge that before getting anywhere
not as evil as white cops executing unarmed black teens
are you really incapable of understanding what the fuck i am trying to say ?
shit is fake
we got a tweeter thug ! lol i can not take you serious dude.
no he is not he is being honest. tariq you streaming tonight ?
he is telling you a very bias and racial standpoint
the same way you stop the 93% of whites killed by other whites.
and you are using the terms black and white
exactly this guy actually thinks we all have equal rights
and do those blacks go unpunished ?
yes many people are saying that shoplifting story was made up
dude it is a true story ink why ur saying it is fake
when black people get caught committing crimes against white people they usually go to paid leave 4 them
and turned down a debate with mr washed
you just want an excuse to bash your neighbor. god help you
troll acct no. you are sidestepping honest debate.
once people called the stores and the owners denied calling the police, they are changing their story.
you need to stop acting like you do not know how this system is structured. keep it real
the same for anybody that commits murder as proven in a court of law.
you should not use that as a method of motivation to get black people sensitive about the topic
so there are no such things as black cops in your mind ?
it is sad how incredible true this is.
i am asking a legit ??
one little fact keeps getting dismissed ! young man is dead. dead !
much to say about … but can’t be bothered w/a fallen 2 star general … the pres . is an
the general obviously was a republican !
highest ranking officer in over forty years ... nasa. obama is disdain for the military is overwhelming.
and not one of them went to generals funeral. white against black never covered.
. occurred on is watch so it will be ignored. compliant state-run media in on it.
is an absentee president !
we need to impeach him and at the ballot box … one vote at a time !
beyond disturbing president 0 did not even have flags.
a pressing golf date was more important to that awful example of dishonor and cowardice.
agree and this mob gets 24/7 coverage now for one week officer will never get justice
he does not never has, never will. it is time to and.
did not so much as mention this 34 yr. soldiers death to the american public.
my husband is buried 200 yeses from not a word on any media or damn shame continues
much to say about but nothing on the brave american general frauds !
" dispatch : was murdered and we want justice "
you do not want you want blood for blood. stupid niggers
this lady says in the video the police took down security cameras where mike brown was shot
join us in o'fallon park at 6pm for a free concert event in celebration of is life . is own
there will be a prayer service for at 6:30 pm tonight at first baptist ferguson. more info :
we can correspond via email if better. column deadline tomorrow afternoon.
are cops still enforcing no one outside after dark ?
peace and solidarity from tx. thanks so much for your great tweeting through all of this
incredible !!!!!! extraordinary brilliant updates !!!!!! !!!
breaking : ag eric holder has instructed attorneys in the department is civil rights division to monitor developments in .
community is dangerous ; it is millions of western citizens exploited on third world levels.
we need boots on the ground from the ag is office now ...
have you seen this tweet ?
they should have ought to have done it. as we say in uk all coppers r bastards
is he stressing restraint by the over equipped pd ??
did these cops go to israel for training like nypd ?
let us translate that for you : ag holder has instructed attorneys to do nothing in case.
hey u guys have the night off ! we are onto tonight. get back with u tomorrow
they better bring their guns .... things are not looking good right now.
of course great opportunity to gin up the base.
i hope he is stressing an investigation to the senseless killing of a 17yr. old child !
about time higher government paid attention. cops are out of control.
not only brownout crawford and garner and any others i may have missed
that is a good sign.
and how are some of y'all so quick to believe the same police dept . that threw tear gas at
the pd charged a black man with destruction of property for getting blood on a uniform !
they shot tear gas at what was obviously a news crew, set up to report.
right shooting kids over a cigar ? really ?! wth is really going on in amerikkka ?!
and refuse to identify refuse to answer questions about how many shots etc.
most sane people will wait for the investigation which you will promptly call a cover up.
i would not trust the pd telling me the weather report.
how did the u.s. police get the weapons + tactics we are seeing in ? see our report
horrible looking world no place for kids.
they are their personal weapons usually. police can buy their own back-up weapons.
it is called an urban redevelopment renewal zone “
every day from now on will be let the movement begin ! please re tweet !
they taught us to love all things military ... then militarized the police force.
this is been trying to tell you-this is a genocide of “ dissidents/undesirables “ -run by mil-intel/cops
is ... that is where.
homeland security at work against our own people
the twitter feed.
also from having to deal with stuff like this : where the officers were heroes.
my column an execution in ferguson :
how did the police get the weapons + tactics we are seeing in ? see our report
/ h/t to for the images .
white supremacy is alive and well in the tea party, republican party, and the media outlets.
to for the images. ”
me me !
not a problem.
from now on all we need is to hold american flags, the patriots too
to for the images.
one has weapons pulled on police and the other does not.
one is armed protesters and one is unarmed protesters. get it right.
25 fans your tweet has been favorite by 25 people.
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
well , it took twitter about 5 minutes to completely demolish the police is smear conference .
rt it took twitter about 5 minutes to completely demolish the police is smear conference.
i have no gun . but my phone is fully charged .
i have no gun. but my phone is fully charged. “
white twitter doing what they do best ...
they are racist.
yes you got a question ?
why would the year matter ? unless you really think you live in post-racial america.
it does exist between both sexes and among all races
why would you respond please ?
white twitter doing what they do best ... ” ugh. annoying rude asses ...
i already tweeted about that bro sorry you missed the train
thank god. i did not want to be the stupid white girl here low
look at the name bestshowevah “ c other “ bestshoweva lt ; - “
it is social media is a scary place.
same thing they say about ... not an uprising
white twitter doing what they do best ...
among all races is just like saying “ sexism exist among both sexes “
sorry i read many anti-white twits that day and jumped to conclusions with yours.
white twitter doing what they do best ... ” fuck
it is true though kid dies now let is rob shoe stores it is stupid
yep. it only means black people - black people can not write shakespeare. stop being stupid.
thousands of new yorkers shut down times square in support of
civil disobedience is always right and appropriate when employees of the people become criminal
. thousands of jackass new workers shut down times square n support of ”
i look forward to that day.
more people with no facts responding to an issue they know nothing of ... that is if photo real
i fully support this but how can we get similar support for stopping the monetary system !?
a pity what has happened. these things will never happen again
we need to be rid of the useless elites. f%^ camp ; ing peoples over.
it is too early in am for irony
thousands of new workers shut down times square in support of ”
people it is time to be heard !
i do not get how this helps that.
that is not . can u make same in under ??
thousands of new workers shut down times square in support of
congrats on your tweet !
exactly the world needs to learn this
i hope they find justice cos we were looking for it over 60years still did not find it
thousands of new workers shut down times square in support of
they are occupying not london.
share it if you against police brutality
thousands of new workers shut down times square in support of ”
thousands of new workers shut down times square in support of
thousands of new workers shut down times square in support of
we are with you in spirit. ferguson we unite with you.
this is sheer insanity . just look at is photo from .
i honor in victory “ 3:09
are we in rt this is sheer insanity. just look at is photo from.
amazing article. i was really surprised that the chinese woman did not believe it happened
where is the friction ' justice dept ?
this is sheer insanity. just look at is photo from ...
what the fuck to the police think they are accomplishing ? they are making things so much worse.
i will test using search words tienemansquare stop tank should work too. play with it ....
where is that picture of the chinese guy standing up to the tank in tienanmen square
nice article my first years on net only 4environ. research
this is sheer insanity. just look at is photo from.
similar to the guy in front of a government tank.
man vs of tanks !
i love that tattoo
wow you have outdone yourself with this find
wow. the but not the israelis
well done for finding the photo !!!
and then there was the girl the israeli bulldozer purposely ran over
look at post racial rt : this is sheer insanity. look at is photo from.
good thinking good parallel to protesters in
that crowd behind the cops ? more cops .
rt that crowd behind the cops ? more cops.
why the riot gear oh right i forgot
chambers and w . florissant right now .
chambers and w. right now.
chambers and w. florissant right now. ”
is this in the area of protests and police presence ?
media , we will not allow you to spin this story to make it seem as if deserved to die
you had someone at the actual killing ?
i applaud the residents of ferguson. do not let anyone forget
until now no one knew of this alleged robbery in the convenience store.
it happens all the time.
apparently looks like they will do their best to find a way
not at the actual killing but they are from the community
twitter did not tell us that he could have been in an allege robbery
protest continues in front of police dept " the people united , will never be defeated "
protest continues in front of police dept “ the people united, will never be defeated “
police told protesters to get out of street , they instead got on knees and said , " hands up
road is blocked off by police. no cars can get through.
smart kids who were telling folks to sit down.
end of this empire r u awake yet, ?
gotta love the lady in the front row advertising for cheerleaders.
if they can make up excuses 2 shoots, they will make them up after shooting ....
i would list ridiculous but i am not giving them ideas
i know damn well police is not going to fire upon all those people with their hands up ?
beautiful resistance where u there ?
they wont shoot them that way, as they might with an approach of crowd.
entrepreneur front and center ”
teenager will not start college on monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer .
i guess the cop is waiting to shoot in case he moves again.
seemingly can not believe the media are criminalizing the poor boy. it is horrendous.
sob unloaded the entire clip ?
teenager will not start college on monday because he was shot ten times by a police officer.
depressing teenager will not start college on monday ...
the police * are the occupying army in the black colony . - huey newton police
the police are the occupying army in the black colony. - huey newton police
this is what they call " justice " in
of population is black. so statistically more blacks will be stopped by cops.
capt is a puppet, he said minorities in that state were treated equally.
this is what they call “ justice “ in ”
all of you criticizing the percentages are correct. however, try putting the two slides together.
do nothing or help fix the problem.
silly nigger anonymous. you did the wrong guy. faggots.
this is what they call “ justice “ in
i agree with still calling bs on those numbers though
but it does no good to mention that. how does it help ?
photos : , missouri , looks like a war zone
what is happening now in ferguson ?
so is this how citizens are treated when protesting their basic human right to live ??
the police should never be more armed than the public
5 will chaos cause martial law ?!
what now is the situation in ferguson ?
bigots fully armed and determined to protect their murdering brother in blue.
because they are terrified of the people !
then be fair and lock the cop up for killing a black man
dept. of homeland security money turning cops into militia. time to shut them down.
police in , missouri , shot and killed a 17-year-old boy .
hope no race war comes of this.
police shot and killed a 17-year-old boy. ”
police shot and killed a 17-year-old boy. ”
they gave the officers paid leave for this too
around the fucking criminals in uniform.
just because he is unarmed does mean he is innocent and does not mean the cop had a choice
well he was black.
police shot and killed a 17-year-old boy. ” wt ?!?! 😡😡
this is reason martin pt. ll
why rt police in, missouri, shot and killed a 17-year-old boy. ”
this is america ? what the fuck is wrong with us ?
she does look threatening though ? * black
this is ? what the fuck is wrong with us ? ” демокраси епта !!!
this is ? what the fuck is wrong with us ?
thanks for sharing that update - it is now live here :
better question is what is wrong with ferguson ?
surely this is an appropriate way to deal with pedestrians ?
land of the free and home of the brave indeed.
this is what the fuck is wrong with us ?
identity insecurity amp ; desperation to assert power.
your tweet in the world top, learn more - best of twitter.
we elected too many white men to power
they are acting like wild animals so the cops are trying to intimidate.
rt : " this is not open for discussion . " -- cop on loudspeaker , telling crowd to leave
police ' go protest in your own homes, sit down and be quiet. '
what is a ' light machine gun.? '
time to steel plate some bulldozers
is that the police or the army ?!?!?!
swat guy on top of the vehicle has one trained on the crowds, it would appear.
police state happening now in usa. soon whole world
is this really necessary am i missing something ? because ...
how can they make them leave if its peaceful protest ?
what the fuck are they going to do otherwise ? slaughter people ? btw, wt is that thing
where in the fuck is ferguson ? in iraq ?
.... what are they going to do if they do not ? that is what scares me
they probably count it as “ post-case paperwork equipment “ the union allows excluding.
you are right. this is crazy.
are not in good for them last year egyptian security kill +1000 in 12 hours
once upon a time in ...!
is that a machine gun ? what do the police need a machine gun for ?
because the news outlets are blatantly lying about murder and ignoring the clear coverup and militarization of
because the news outlets are blatantly lying about murder and ignoring the clear cover up and militarization of
me you did not just figured this out
the km flux as changed its uniform : from white sheets to police blue
his account is very different from you claim, & amp ; police will not interview him
he was profiled and murdered. there are numerous eye witness accounts on twitter about the murder of
it has not become so overt i thought i might point out the obvious.
the cop was responding to two young men walking while black. the punishment is immediate execution.
minorities are getting it from all sides, syn, stop and frisk, and shoot on sight.
they will not interview him because he ran like a coward after his actions got his friend killed.
i guess now stands for under steady assault blacks, latinos, women, poor, mc.
coming from we still do not know why he was killed. hard to make a call ?
the has always had two uniforms. police during the day, white sheets at night.
homeland security has given $34 billion to local police to militarize in the name of ' counterterrorism . '
the times of looking to others for relief has passed for me. i trust only the people.
you misunderstood because the police are not countering terrorism ... they are terrorizing unarmed citizens
that money would have been useful for adapting areas to climate change which is the greater threat.
the terrorists are the gov !
yet domestic terrorists flourish with many police among membership.
will get rid of two !
maybe because is planning on redefining peaceful protesters as terrorists ? just saying ...
keep your guns, i will work on getting rid of two “ - putin
is this a war on children ?
i trust only in god !
those people in must think they have some kind of constitutional right to protest or something .
nothing wrong with protest but the looting and destruction takes away from the message.
where will we be we will have arrived in a better america.
. one wonders if your president has anything to say on the matter, after ..... days.
that probably got rescinded years ago via secret executive order.
freedom of disappointed in u behind u through your trials !
or to stand in a group over a block from the police.
those people in must think they have some kind of constitutional right to protest or something.
vigil for shooting victim mike brown will be held at 8pm sunday at canfield green apartment complex in
vigil for shooting victim mike brown will be held at 8pm sunday at can field green apartment complex in
we got through . that is a sniper on top of a tank pointing guns at us ...
oh crap ... this sounds like the occupy plan all over again ...
there is only one word for it. insanity.
just hold up a playboy mag and a bottle of johnny walker, that l stop um.
that is not a tank. and i doubt you have been to iraq.
try to stay as safe as you can. proud of twin team !!
please be safe. we who are unable 2 be in stand w/ u in spirit.
this is an occupying force.
sir ... safety first please. i just met you and i do not make friends easy.
. real. wake everybody.
they are arresting journalists and reporters - be safe.
we got through. that is a sniper on top of a tank pointing guns at us ...
you being pushed down the street now ? keep us informed. i am helping disseminate information.
so the right has been clamoring for military action. who knew it would be in ferguson mo ?
be safe out there. no holds barred tonight
" keep the faith " cpt . johnson
it is times like these that move an artist is soul.
keep the faith "“ ccut.jjjohnson* artwork by * h/t ”
your work must be awesome !
keep the faith cut. johnson
the your detail just beautiful
yes my work and thanks trying to put talent to use
keep the faith "“ ccut.jjjohnson* artwork by * h/t ”
keep the faith “ cut. johnson ”
. capt. is for the demonstrators.
keep the faith cut. johnson * artwork by * h/t
capt. has lived in ferguson
keep the faith “ cut. johnson * artwork by * h/t ”
i do. fighting
does not the police allowed demonstrators to break laws and are doing nothing about
keep the faith “ cut. johnson * artwork by * h/t ”
protestors at the police dept .
protesters at the police dept. ”
check the time line for amazing video of what is going on in right now.
get a princess. or did you think the cops are there to protect you ?
was it who shot brown ? i contacted them to register complaint at their thuggery after --
it is harder to gun down an armed person than an unarmed one.
the show producer do me for more info and stay safe tonight
garner in new chock hold killing now this the constant disregard of black life by police
. how is that relevant in the context of a cop gunning down an unarmed ?
at the police dept.
protesters at the police dept. ”
did it but handed investigation over to
ferguson , mo ., is 67% black , but black citizens account for 86% of police stops , 92% of
and probably of the crime
and only 3 black officers on their pd ...
i am very curious about the public school system - teacher demographics versus student demographics.
of black babies born out of wedlock. that might play a role in those # is.
the police just killed another unarmed black man video
white policemen do not like blacks, blacks do not like cops, result is predictable.
my column an execution in ferguson :
what is the black voter turnout in no vote - no voice bottom line
exactly how often do police shoot unarmed black men ?
should not the question be how many times they shoot unarmed men ? race baiting at it is finest
so racist cops do shoot blacks. but they stop shooting asians ?
time to end police militarization now !
incite much rt exactly how often do police shoot unarmed black men ?
no more than they shoot unarmed white men ... get the facts.
i am sure not half as many as black teens kill unarmed people every day.
rt : the oppressed stands with the oppressed . stands with .
was he serious that could not have been real. no one can be that ignorant.
rt the oppressed stands with the oppressed. stands with.
... the oppressed. ha !
everyone was out to support .
yep ... even the mentally ill !
that lady brought a tear to my eye.
just beautiful rt everyone was out to support.
great rt everyone was out to support.
very powerful everyone was out to support. ”
everyone was out to support.
fury flows nationwide : thousands rally in more than 80 us cities
unite and march on should be the last straw
then you are a machine. even if i call you human.
waking up at last ?
fury flows nationwide thousands rally in more than 80 us cities
the people have not been heard for a long time
a man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police . pic by
let a man eat his chips in peace.
a man picks up burning tear gas can and throws it back at police. pic by
all while eating potato chips. dope.
maybe that is what the chip bag is for ... bad choice to block heat tho
a nourished freedom fighter is a longer serving freedom fighter.
best part is he never dropped his bag of chips
is he holding a bag of potato chips in the other hand ?
is it that new poisoned tear gas the israelis just marketed ?
and look at the shirt he is wearing ....
community asks nixon , " why was your response delayed to our community ? "
community asks why was your response delayed to our community ? “
where is lacy clay these are also his people. suit shopping ?
community asks “ why was your response delayed to our community ? “ ”
just started cutting interrupting a woman asking a question
tough questions. emotional time.
dismisses the question about lasers as though irrelevant trivia
people get mad when they are made to look like morons. lol.
protest ending for the night .
these people are all ignorant. this is not how you invoke a change
protest ending for the night. ”
fuck protest ending for the night .”
the riots to begin shortly i am sure ....
are they drinking the beer they looted ?
your so stupid. the riots to begin shortly i am sure .... ”
i fuck the police
protest ending for the night.
advise protesters on
advise protesters on ”
if you ever doubt the power of your voice , just look at what they try to do to silence
their job who do they work for ?
if by voice “ one means smashing and looting other people is property.
like shooting at cops. but that do not sell advertising.
if they are shooting at cops, show of force only way to go n
only for crowd of people with color. none present at rally today in st. louis
great ... you are pretty good at this twitter thing
for amp others have not seen any eruption at al
excellent point. i never thought about it that way before.
depends whose voice it is ....
you mean the i read something that inspired that, so, kinda some and some.
you remember that. that is right.
did you come up with this text ?
thanks i like making a mean meme.
great job and thank you !
oh thank you so stormy i was away all day and did not hear.
you can say what you want about but that does not make him guilty . that police officer though ?
here it is my dedication to michael brown please share to fight against police brutality
well is not that special.
name a crime that justifies shooting a kid seven times in the street, i will wait
here it is my dedication to michael brown please share to fight against police brutality
i did not realize i was engaging some chump who follows his phone company.
so it is selective innocent until proven guilty. got it.
legal expert nothing makes guilty, and nothing exonerates the cop :
you are a deluded idiot.
. get your racist ass out of here ' punk thug '
you sound angry. the criminal kid does not fit your agenda ?
his says professionally funny. “ he must be dumb just as a hobby.
. is grievance industry does not tolerate open minds.
here it is my dedication to michael brown please share to fight against police brutality
the right man walked away from that incident thankfully
love all this nigger experts
quiet where i am . lots of talking . lots of standing . no smash-smash .
a few a small lake.
we are basically talking about an anarchist space.
thanks for the !
the corporate space as a steamer of public/collective space ? think there are social/architectural theories about it.
check out the excellent twitter thread on by.
any news from qt on the future of that store ?
thank you for your work tonight.
remind which penal code section is smash-smash ?
those spaces are usually really fun and sometimes euphoric but can run into problems when entropy sets in.
interesting commentary ... was not the best spot for the occupy protest, was it.
which i am completely unaware of
thanks for your tweets the past few days. you have helped immensely.
you will find historical perspective in this book from. a similar case in tea neck, 1991 :
your tweets tonight have been amazing. pure prose in a time of chaos.
one of the stranger elements of covering all this is seeing major demonstrations expressed in a suburban context.
just like temporary autonomous zone is him bey on watch list ?
is a small municipality. businesses, schools, church is- no separate space for demonstrations.
. and how many public spaces are even in that area to begin with, i wonder.
we do not really have pedestrian squares in the us, only an l'il in nyc
acts of agents provocateur are treason.
every and any attempt by govt to limit legitimate, non-violent protest in public spaces is unconstitutional.
now everybody is a bit wired up because a woman almost tried to drive through the police line.
please write something long on that.
pretty good reason to burn down a quiktrip imo
interesting train of thought on public space and protest by
if you have not you should read is thoughts from tn on suburban public space in
the constitution of the united states does not state that citizens can only peacefully assemble in the daytime .
you know that there can be limits put on rights in certain situations, give it a rest
a curfew may be necessary .... imo
actually it and is in the 1st amendment,
not all of it. which is a shame because the peaceful protesters have been overshadowed.
destroying property and looting are not ' peaceful '
the constitution of the united states does not state that citizens can only peacefully assemble in the daytime.
black people do not have constitutional rights
since your preaching constitution. how do you feel about the right i bear arms ?
has it been peaceful tho ??
no but it should say michael skolnik needs a better haircut.
i was wondering when someone was going to make this point
the police are still on the tv lying about wanting peace and there is military guns and amour trucks here
i am praying for you and everyone there. so proud of you
coming soon to everyone is town . mt : overkill in . officer will not answer ... why this is
boys have to play with their toys sometimes.
send the marines into to disarm the importers (police)
the sense of restraint.!
anonymous hacking group threatens the police in wake of the murder of mike brown -- & gt ;
my column an execution in ferguson :
we will shut the pd down if they do not comply with our demands. -- anonymous
female “ no time “ official video :
it was a murder you coward sack of shit
anonymous hacking group threatens the police in wake of the murder of mike brown -- sgt ;
appeal to law enforcement of conscience to *** stand down ***
anon is an not a “ hacking group “ fyi
just shared your tweet here :
is this you guys ' doing ?
murder no bias there. nice to know you guys are hacks, too.
peaceful youth demonstration at greater st. mark church
peaceful youth demonstration at greater st. mark church (via)
peaceful youth demonstration at greater st. mark church
the police look more militarized now than the actual national guard , here from the 1967 newark riots :
the police look more militarized now than the actual national guard, here from the 1967 newark riots :
turquoise. now that i have told you that, i will await your response.
talk where r u .... i am in ontario canada
i like how someone wrote “ fuck the police “ on the mailbox hahn
my column an execution in ferguson :
oh did u like ottawa
is that the people known as the police are being excessive and, well, violent. +
never been but would love to. skate idea ... montreal is beautiful too
rt police look more militarized now than the national guard, here from the 1967 newark riots :
is turn first of all
is this yet another one ?
oh i. see ... interesting sh
my column an execution in ferguson :
yeah me so i do not want to make sure that i get the whole story
right has arrived in usa both and on the
wish i could far this 10,000 times. thank you !
one heartening thing from murder of mike brown is people taking hard look at cop militarization. pic via
pd does not have 70+ swat officers & amp ; 3 apc is . this has to a county wide
just hoses you are an optimist.
i bet u have ...
who is in tactical command of this threat of massacre ?
i have been wondering. who called these extra people in. who is responsible.
the mayor and the governor are prudent.
perhaps the swat team is preventing additional looting and rioting. that = prudence.
police have brought dogs into neighborhood . residents protest with hands in the air . tension is growing ...
clearly he should not have been shot at all !
this shit gives shepherds a bad name
dogs is this alabama revisited ?
i guess they went to the “ bull conner “ school of policing.
it happens in st. tonight around 8
wow the is all over again
looks like all over again.
bring out three pit bulls rip that k9 to k 10 pieces
they want their back.
oh i am sorry i thought i read 18
going back to the 60 is
cops starting to show their true colors now.
i meant he was shot 10 times
what city and state did this happen ?
cops bringing dogs to a race protest always goes well ... jesus christ.
where is this and what is the problem ? disturbing.
dogs really how very sad
what is with the dogs !?
police have brought dogs into neighborhood. residents protest with hands in the air. tension is growing ...
dogs man up and handle what you started guys.
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again .
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again. ”
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again.
his face ...... awe man ...
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again. ”
rt state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again.
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again. .
. maybe that is the reason they cop ask the media to leave the area.
pressure. rt state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again.
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again. ” 😂😂😂
state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again. ” !!!!
people of : stop our brave ! --
you are a “, right ? oh, please be a “ poe “ !
people on here gotta lighten up
i say does not go too far enough !
people of stop our brave ! --
are you a satirical account or ???
so it is a joke
people of stop our brave ! -- ” ......
dude it is written by the onion. it is 100% sarcastic.
it is a parody account.
given this i’m gonna go with troll :
teens is a parody account, so this pic is purely ironic
are you out of your little minds ?? who is attacking who here ??
that guy was definitely for it if you ask me.
bro it is the 5th best account on twitter
people of stop our brave ! -- ” please fuck yourself w a cactus
people of stop our brave ! -- my god in dead
normally your page is funny but you can fuck right off for this
serve and protect ?...
... here they bringing in more across the border each day
fear works well for bullies and conservatives, being redundant ?
arm yourself against an adversarial and well-armed corporate state !
serve and protect ?... ”
the was unable to stand up to goverment tyranny in due to being too busy tweeting about president obama is
you are right you are not a parody account ?
same militarized pd just as. yet, always want to blame the ...
i see. you boys grabbing your ar-15s, forming a well-regulated militia and deploying to iraq ?
this goes in my top 25
did the pd kills any citizens or tear gas crowds of protesters ?
its a silly manufactured event. a bunch of actors to create chaos of racism. teaparty rocks !
you are a rare sir.
captain america is black : man throwing a tear gas canister back at police in . ( photo by .
while holding a bag of crisps in his other hand nonetheless. consider me impressed !
the chip bag in his other hand is what makes the entire portrait gold for me.
i would buy that poster. or that album cover.
now there is an impressively courageous one.
police department justice is not here right now “
i also read your tweet as “ captain, america is black “
he is wearing his t-shirt ! hello ! captain america w/ locks fighting hydra !
i would buy that as a poster. such a powerful image.
i hope he was arrested !!!!
oh i had not even noticed that. that is amazing.
mt captain is black : throwing tear gas back at police in.
whites are standing by your side captain america
this is the sassiest protest sign i have ever seen . i love our black queens ! 😭
why should i have to change for people who do not assimilate to society and behave humanely ?
twitter ulnae let me see it.
this is the sassiest protest sign i have ever seen. i love our black queens ! 😭
your point and opinion are invalid, this is the 21st century, not the 50s
the sign says it all & amp ; says it perfectly.
you contribute nothing to society.
by the my mom is aware of my views and respects them. women today suck
it was a joke you hole.
it is okay. you are forgiven. praise his name.
again an insult instead of an intelligent comment. no chess moves on that level. sorry
if she had a she would know how stupid she looks
good one t and sad all the same.
all they are good for is putting your dick inside them and spilling your fluids on.
so happy to see white people are protesting with them
. just one man is opinion thus far ...
this is the sassiest protest sign i have ever seen. i love our black queens ! 😭
the sassiest protest sign i have ever seen. i love our black queens ! 😭 ”
one more you may be a woman, but you will be treated equally by me.
i do not respect any woman. you are all useless bag drainers aka scrotum swallowed
no it is a fact she looks stupid. your move
more power to she looks cute while being pissed off. hard to pull that off.
i did not see you in the shadows over there. you blended in so well.
please check out this site and support this movement that is going to change our story
what are you talking about ?
it is his there are interracial couples, see how you like that shit
congrats on your tweet !
this is incredible . a witness to the michael brown shooting live tweeted the entire event .
this is incredible. a witness to the michael brown shooting live tweeted the entire event.
and the account still exists -- the link goes to a collection of tweets. witness =
wow a witness to the michael brown shooting live tweeted the entire event. ””
what are the legal implications of releasing this ?
more he tweeted the immediate aftermath
does need to be verified. you are correct.
genuine a witness to the michael brown shooting live tweeted the entire event. ”
yes did i miss it ? i am serious
there are check out the time line.
where does it say he had put his hands up ? i missed that ?
mt wow a witness to the michael brown shooting live tweeted the entire event. ”
twitter is great. it just takes a mobile to share events. also tragic ones.
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending ”
put your guns down. put ' em down !
they on the shit fa who sh
can anyone identify the weapon this officer is protecting and serving with ?
where are the folks ... guess this is not their kind of overreach
not relevant to the situation at all.
so black people being upset over murdering then lying about it is being ridiculous ?
answer those given half billion $$ worth of military weapons by this congress !
you are dreaming if you think this white cop that executed is not a
doing their job and protecting themselves and others but i dunno in not american
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending ”
not at but good luck dude.
u have got to be kidding ... this is insane
except that no one except the police have been using weapons.
do you even live here ?
. so much for being “ peace officers “. this has to be stopped.
i hope there is a good guy w/a gun in case this asshole starts murdering ppm
but they do not have the right to riot and loot which some have proven they will.
that is fascism. study amp ;
so who are the police holding the guns ? militia ?
assembling peacefully are you fucking blind ? they are tearing shit apart, burning down buildings and stealing
if that is what you call being called out. whatever boosts your self esteem.
riots have been known to involve shootings stabbings etc all over but like i said protest & gt ;
why how many cops shot a year ? so delusional.
it just seems like a higher government body needs to step in
i want for my km that fits trijicon mr is 150usd-ish. 200 seems right.
i was hoping for something more specific than that.
black people do not lose their constitutional right to assemble just b/c white people are uncomfortable
there also is anarchists on the texas border pointing rifles at skinny little kids.
anything not or accessories costs more.
i do otherwise i would not have sent out the message.
is it police or military ? think about what is happening folks ! this could be your neighborhood.
rt the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
he said the national guard should be brought in. you blow shit way out of context.
insanity rt swat team has weapons drawn in at protest in broad daylight with media attending ”
looks like a type. flash diffuse and scope mount consistent with the type.
defense budget few swat w/weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight w/media attending ”
be upset but they are doing it the wrong way !
why do you think everyone who voices their opinion on this situation is racist ? i completely agree with
seen on rifle trijicon mr red dot sight.
tough to say for sure but it looks like an ar-15 covered in being. see gun rule -
was right there and saw the whole thing. why take 4 days to talk to dorian huh ?
your swat guys should be out of public line of sight and left to protest but there for
unfortunately not. it is just insane.
the fuck man you are one desperate person. must be a cop.
bet some people have them though but i dunno havana american riots to the police before
is this weapon pointed at unarmed americans protesting under the constitution of these united states ?
this is just escalating things ! you do not aim sniper rifles at demonstrators !!
it is if you did you would know there is a difference
different how maybe transparency ? maybe outside investigations ? hmm a little common sense.
why mt swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
typical brain dead sheep response. go kiss your masters feet.
he is just waiting for his cue.
then that proves the area is a bad area. no wonder cops are on edge.
he’s got a box. that’s not fair.
go spread your racist hate somewhere else.
pretty sure that is a vortex scope, prob this one
backup if it did turn nasty as they look like they expect it to
you obviously have terrible comprehension and common sense if you do not know what i mean. amazing.
guessing if they are rioting and armed over a death they will go for the police probably guys
assembling peacefully my ass they are being ridiculous and everything that they are doing is wrong !
maybe so. compare it to this
more cops seeking to more black people and violate their freedom of assembly rights.
do you really think it makes a difference ? get a grip.
anyone else remembers state ?
hand guard is from rifles and is somewhere in the range of $200.
industries us palm. good reviews but can not buy mr the price of the rifle.
when did not serve and protect ' become not suppress and terrorize ' ? seriously, wt man ?
one of the many great questions that the police will never answer.
why rt swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
the red dot sight you mentioned
one sword keeps another in its sheath
rt the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
what kind of police force approaches citizens like this ?!
is that
for what even article said police said these guys had nothing to do with the protests.
is it 7. x 51
this is not this is a peaceful protest. smh
just as decent an option. how much did the whole thing set you back sgt ;
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending ?
from this angle it looks like a m24.
seems like the protests have not been exactly peaceful tho. just saying.
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending ”
this has gone too far in st. louis !! help them !!
someone mentioned the armor as well. i am not knowledgeable there so would not know.
few friends have the micro clone from primary arms. compatible with the mi/palm rail too.
you do not see black people running around saying the should not be allowed to protest do you ?
it is racist when he says should have the sicced on them ?
literally the most boldly obvious lie i have ever read.
when we militarize the police -- they go to war with american citizens.
counterproductive if you are in denial. we need an entirely new private police. simple.
maybe you are the one who is racist ? just a thought ...
i have in boxed you id like to know more about this
did you see this ferguson requests constitutional rights be limited to daytime.
an i have got a couple. you can buy ' em at walmart.
tweeting a photo from days ago shows your nasty ugly racist bigotry.
attn this is blatantly * unconstitutional behavior by the police of.
peaceful for making your points with name calling and foul language shows your lack of education.
similar but some modifications to m110
actually barrel is more like ar-10
.... how are you protecting people by aiming guns at them ?
man you are one sick person.
rt swat team has weapons drawn in at protest in broad daylight ”
dot sight sniper rifle equipped ' peace officer ' :
this is not helping and simultaneously shows the hubris of the modern police with their extensive militarization.
ended up with people shooting at police ? (not a smart are comment actually question)
officer friendly not so friendly anymore. everything i learned in grade school was a lie.
. i will wait for the apology.
wow getting called out twice in a few minds. bad day ?
make it stop people have a right to protest !
that gun has enough attachments ? rt the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest
i take it back and they should not be pointing them it could make it worse for themselves
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending ”
rt the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
this is so depressing and sickening.
anyone familiar with items in this war kit ? i recognize the 500usd mr :
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending ”
i bet this comment made you feel smart. hah, jesus christ.
better angle. it is an ar.
a private police force will be more transparent, that is rich. still be paid by taxpayers.
fortress us st swat team w/weapons drawn in ferguson at a protest in broad daylight w/media attending
like most of you are wrapped up in so called riots vs. cops who caused all of this
i think it is some kind of sword. not certain though.
the furniture came soaked in cosmos wrapped in ukrainian newspaper. friggin awesome.
who are they gonna hire ? are you this stupid or that desperate to defend cops ?
this is going down in history, as a huge debacle ! bunch of assholes ... arch !!
i was raised to only point my weapon at what i wanted to kill. police at work :
amp for the ones that have no swords ? then how is that protecting them ??
wow that is a bit nuts
i could not agree more.
places out of sight on standby
hey get your shit together dude, allowing this is a travesty
you and most of have shown no for the real issue here : that cop executing
thank god twitter is here to display how stupid people can be.
police move in , telling people move or be arrested . people asking " what for ? " " just
fuck these they want to throw out the constitution & amp ; freedoms.
are they arresting journalist wtf ?
militarization of the police at its finest.
yes. that would be the difference maker.
wish i could be there to get arrested with them.
forgive the ignorance but who the fuck is making decisions there ? federal ? state level ? local ?
rt communist states of america
police are on a power trip.
fox is not talking about rights and the constitution being trampled, is it ?
you dick these criminals are the ones who caused this response
is this in the us ?
police state. is this world turning into ?
this is what happens when you militarize the police with the money from the “ war on drugs “
it makes us look bad. “
maybe if protesters were carrying automatic weapons and gadsden flags.
yes because protesting in the middle of a street is not illegal at all
oh ... you do not work ? surprise, surprise.
did the police wipe their butt with the constitution ?
saw for myself . photos from me & amp ; the people here :
hit of the day ft & amp ;
trying to exploit the situation for press
my newest mix tape dropped over 2k downloads in less than 24 hours
jay i am so proud you are representing for us you can influence and lead are people
devil ass agent. u not fooling me, i see the snake in u.
fuck what on ! check checkhcheck hatpmix tape
he is the police u fool. dont believe their p.r stunts
yo home we love jeez in st
thanks for coming here to show some love
saw for myself. photos from me & amp ; the people here : ” devastating !!!
agent ass parasite ass devil
police murder another unarmed 17 yr old blk kid & amp ; police show up like this . i can
i have been waiting all day for you to weigh in on this situation !!
this was st ... what happened ?
i am sick to my stomach, sis
unarmed old murdered by police. 10 shots i believe ... left in the middle of the street
apartheid has a different form in the us. but the police brutality statistics tell the truth.
its time to retaliate by spilling their blood. fuck the police !
how do you suggest we do that ?
to all white ppl horrified by : go to police , school board , & amp ; mayor and teach
its all in our heads.
consider it done i have had enough of this watching good men and women die.
they are not horrified. they are just playing a role.
thanks to centuries of western colonization of free nations , the term " white " now refers to virtually all
a its hard to argue against your point.
and here i thought the turks that treated your people like cattle for centuries were swarthy ...
he is a fucking do you think he gives a fuck what obama is called ?
the interesting point is that we iranians who r white have also been oppressed by whites !
other than it is completely unacceptable racism
it is president even if you disagree or not show some skin respect eh. . 🙏☝✌
share it if you against police brutality
notice it is " involved in the shooting " not " killed a child . " notice it is "
and they always clash “ with protesters, never “ attack “ them.
yup. with an at a boy “ to go along with it
my blood is just emailed to the do, something has got to change.
something being talked about tonight is the makeup of the police dept . here is a breakdown :
i hate the not the colors & amp ; why do you hate blacks ?
where was that professional & amp ; mature response from the damn racist cop ????????????
demographics r like the make up of classrooms in many of our communities.
right on i hope this world changes soon
full of time racists police officers. cotton plantation masters ' descendants & amp ; butts fucking pigs
looting is not respectful no matter what happened beforehand.
we need more love and compassion in this world, bottom line, we are in it together 💜
always the victim .... sad.
lets not forget that they stated that they do not even have plans to interview anyone
i am with not the color of their skin ... who applied for those jobs too ???
what is the racial breakdown of the looters ?
what investigation all witnesses to the event have not been interviewed.
calling people names and what not will not bring anyone back, investigation is still ongoing
very hard to believe thank you very much for this information. i am so sorry for eeuu
really that is a productive and mature response ... sh
you just do not get it ! that is the problem
i am with you michelle.
... the makeup of the police dept. here is a breakdown : “
you are a disservice to the conversation, stop yelling.
i do not get what. that blacks would rather see blacks killed by blacks ?
and that name calling does not help ....
well that is another problem then, still name calling is completely unproductive is it not ?
point i was trying to make is long lost .... ty
that i hope you will still stand w/me cause i will stand with you !
i guess would install just anyone black to equal the look instead of quality ??
getting used to kill people because of their color is not respectful at all especially unarmed teenager.
i do not understand this but i wish you the best 💜
murder math , edition . via ... i think .
or defend them self. like what they want !!
damn it your just too honest.
murder edition. via ... i think.
white collar corporate crime wall street bailout
and when it is it will be communism
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
100 fans your tweet has been favorite by 100 people.
coloreds do not care. dead thug ? riot low
truest statement i have seen all day !!
yup ... that is a tough one for
free coffee to all journalists spreading awareness on movement
rt free coffee to all journalists spreading awareness on movement
about 5 strokes in at the 7th hole, last i heard.
free coffee to all journalists spreading awareness on movement
wow rt free coffee to all journalists spreading awareness on movement
congrats on your tweet !
and the ambiance looks way nicer than mickey d is.
beware the controlled reptile ' news media '
you will be my coffee provide of choice when i am at
im so , so glad there is such extensive social media coverage of what is going on in . i
yep ... which is why the police were tear-gassing the media
i am sure their righteous voices were silenced. they can not do it now sm is instantaneous
. none. social media is forcing them to cover what little they have.
the news is all about invading the family privacy of a dead celebrity at a sad time. no
just released police dispatch audio. dispath found out from news media not police
no doubt. who knows how many such incidents happened on the past and we knew nothing.
a message for , from
a message from ai not hip cause y'all do not give a shit 🔫
is probably like his 3rd language
a message from this real enough yet ?
a message from ” 😳👏
it’s even better that you’re not enrolled in a logic course. although maybe you should …
a message from “
uses it weapons to protect its people. hamas (terrorists) use people to protect their weapons
a message from ” prob the dumbest picture ever. smh
your grade in government should be lowered by 20% for tweeting that ridiculous non requiter.
stupid ass needs to learn how write in proper english and his penmanship looks like fucking chicken scratch
i think i have cancer from how dumb it is
america does not think we are human , the world does not think we are human , and cops do
find legislation written for the benefit of black people and the destruction of white people ever in this country
. not the keep your bullshit to yourself.
the world does not know you exist, sir. get over yourself.
this is the implementation strategy to incite a race war to initiate a.
many do not act human or value life sadly
you sure seem to peculiar.
try being an educated native american .... my prayers to his mama and grandmother. comfort and condolences
but at the same sometimes we do not even treat each other like we are human.
i think you are human. i am white. i am in tears.
like i said the world does not give a shit about you. no import.
and power will trump the $ every time
i wonder if the world cares about your opinion. the world. lol.
you must be a poor reader, now run along.
. i give about fucks about your opinion.
i am part of the world. do not you want me to care about you ?
i look at this and i am proud . the protesters tonight in were nonviolent .
i look at this and i am proud. the protesters tonight in were nonviolent.
i look at this and i am proud. the protesters tonight in were nonviolent. ”
what are the people going to do ?
if michael brown had been white , would have described crowd not as a " mob " , but as
near st. m o
the media bias in is out of control just like our militarized police.
my heart aches ... why do they hate us so much ??
i bet u racist call themselves ' christian '. this is their ugly fate 4their wickedness
when it happens to whites it never makes the news
if the white crowd was firing shots or chanting “ kill the police “ i highly doubt that.
but this does not happen to white people
why do they value us so little ?
a heartbroken community holding a vigil
or angry citizens demand answers from police. “
beautiful statement from palestinians expressing support & amp ; solidarity w/ & amp ; ppl of via
the whole gang will be supporting him soon ...
excellent we all have a common enemy ! forcing tracking stealing weed killing the poor !
tell every every and every oppressed person on the planet, nyc thousands !!
this thing spread nationwide new york thousands in the street shutdown manhattan la dc boston oakland protesting
nothing is more beautiful than international proletarian solidarity.
well i am sure the brown family appreciates haas (terrorists) pledging their support !
what was response they are brown so they got to die ?
no one is free when others are oppressed. “
it is nice when anarchists and malcontents unite. will they be looting matching outfits ?
worldwide study on racism showed pakistanis more tolerant than others. the sufi background.
i presume is an honorary white supremacist in this context ?
so moving i had tears in my eyes.
family of talks about his life : .
family of talks about his life :. trend
this is done not fall for the media slandering of his name & amp ; life.
he was a big teddy bear. “ mt : family of talks about his life :.
if was a cop nobody would have heard of rayon
the lump in my throat reading that last paragraph. ya allah.
such a tragedy prayers to his family. may justice be done.
i want to know what happened. this kid was gonna go to school on mon ?
family of talks about his life :. .... ” just do not read the comments.
rt family of talks about his life :.
family of talks about his life :. ”
the awful authoritarian crap that is going on in this country today.
rt family of talks about his life :.
family of talks about his life :. ”
family of talks about his life :.
peaceful youth demonstration at greater st. mark church
peaceful youth demonstration at greater st. mark church ”
peaceful youth demonstration at greater st. mark church
hows the protest going so far ?
whether it is a woman who has been raped or a black man gunned down , we live in a
so you are saying all those people in jail have no criminal history and all innocent ?
no there are two others and one tweeted pictures
yes the witness that was robbing with him ! learn from tswana brawl
i was talking about the reasons. looks like execution to me. power abuse.
but you tend to not mention the attack in the police vehicle ? but those are facts. lol
its right after the chapter where it is okay for people to rob steal attack police and run ha
he attacked without any weapon and got seven shots with two on the back ? hard to justify ...
to grab a gun through a car window ? why ?
what is your deal lady ? are you just an angry black woman or what ?
here is all the proof u need why on pigs wont work please rt
no it is not. the cop was a good shot ! lol
easy to when you practice shooting you get real good. he did not miss low
did not he surrenders before being shot down like two witnesses said.
except the police officer said he did not know about the robbery ...
your lack of objectivity is amazing.
i never saw anything about a punch. can you cite a source on that ?
pd conducted themselves as events presented itself. the night of looting innocent business no riot gr
pd should call you cause you got this case all figured out, mattock.
no proof that he tried to take the gun. none.
victims of the drug war that has failed. educate yourself
that he tried to take the gun ? yes, it is bs.
sorry babe but that is not the way the law looks at it.
deputy fife over here knows how it all went down. call the fbi !
did you miss the 3:00 news conference. 7 hours later police still looking for suspect.
well lets mike brown attacked an innocent store clerk. right ? and police !!
i am curious to hear about that law that allows cops to shoot in unarmed people is back
because you were there.
neutrality is not an option ...
you are very welcome and thank you.
neutrality is not an option ... ”
neutrality is not an option ... ”
neutrality is not an option ... ”
neutrality is not an option ... ”
neutrality is not an option ... ” ❗️❗️❗️
rt neutrality is not an option ... ” !
had to share this on my. thank you !
neutrality is not an option ...
neutrality is not an option ... ”
more police cars heading into
some crook should be robbing something right now. police are otherwise occupied.
for what they have an army there now !!!
more police cars heading into “
more police cars heading into ”
thank you for keeping st. louis informed on the latest news.
rt more police cars heading into
rt more police cars heading into
well , of course the police need to wear camouflage instead of uniforms . they might need to hide in
you can camouflage a lot of donuts in camouflage.
according to the they are dealing with animals. the came makes perfect sense !
it is a jungle out there ...
... the fashion choice of wannabes.
every day from now on will be let the movement begin please re tweet
cause this right not america ?
the republicans want all this defense spending. this is one of the downsides of it.
outside police headquarters right now
rt outside police headquarters right now
stand tall my friend do not let them push you off to the side.
this is not an angry mob “ ! this is a group of people in mourning
the post dispatch piece left me wanting more. a lot more. thanks for helping provide it.
labels story kill the police noted of police kill boy
where is the other teen who was there ? is he safe ?
media still calling it an “ angry mob “ ?? 😒 “ : outside police headquarters right now ”
outside police headquarters right now ”
some signs from the earlier shutdown of west florissant in
shut it down gt ; take the street & gt ; move forward.
the stop the violence ' poster seems a little obsolete now
language. i get sick of that stuff in public.
some signs from the earlier shutdown of west florissant in
the police presence in following the shooting of michael brown was mind blowing .
absolutely not. rt the police in following the shooting of michael brown was mind blowing.
patriot 3 bear “
all that for humans what are they using on the battle field ?!!
why do they even have that ? is there an insurgency in st we do not know about ?
a show of power against unarmed community seeking answers ? ! must prevail
the police presence in following the shooting of michael brown was mind blowing. ”
many smaller communities have them now. they can get them on fed credit under dds grants
what are they worried about exactly ?
if they are concerned about a race riot, perhaps they should not have executed that kid.
batman in real life is not fun “ : police presence following the shooting of michael brown. ”
the police presence in following the shooting of michael brown was mind blowing.
they would not dare shoot her . rt : just posted a photo
rt they would not dare shoot her. rt : just posted a photo
is not that the state senator ?
we love that woman whoever she is ! . “
of course she is white.
i hope you are right.
i think they would laws do not seem to apply
new video of swat team attack on al-jazeera in you have not seen - please rt to expose lying cops
. swat police are like “ al-jazeera ?!? get dem terrorists !!!! 11 “
truth u. seals to 911 @ home. police judges prison guards
has no place in american media
this is the nation of liberty and opportunities ...
this is how a new civil war will start in the us
for the first time you are right about something
so now u support alex ?
that is horrible ! rt : state senator asks the police chief if she is going to be gassed again
that guy is face after she said that
stay safe , . rt : i counted 70+ swat officers . guns trained on crowds . insanity .
i do not see a single black officer there
police shoot an unarmed teenager and this is how they respond.
stay . rt i counted 70+ swat officers. guns trained on crowds. insanity.
. police chief said they were “ scaling back. “ stay safe tonight.
what they want them to do ? “ stay there, stay poor, stay ignorant, stay “
raise your kids better so they do not become heavily-armed thugs. no one benefits.
gotta get down to it soldiers are cutting us down should have been done long ago. “
they only have three on the entire force. they are all named.
better family life out here in the community offering therapy for the residents of canfield
how do i help i really want to, any way i can.
red is i am sure appreciates the free advertisement
better family life out here in the community offering therapy for the residents of can field
police chief has " no doubt that the investigation will be conducted impartially . " well we all have serious
oh snap. say that. watch them show up us for kicks n giggles. dicks.
. what the fuck is this will be future tense bullshit ? no investigation yet in ?
oh good. i would never trust the investigation to them knowing everything that is gone on.
they work for us not ins company. public accountability
they are getting three stlouiscounty pd, fbi, and do. should be fun.
their insurance companies tell them they have to or it will cost them.
thats was in saying old, fat, racist, white guys in charge of investigation ?
hope you will still call is of at 573-751-3222 & amp ; give him an earful for !
they have already demonstrated that they will not or cannot be impartial
fast camp ; furious “ op given mex cartels guns. oh yea.
the only way it could get worse is if somehow the drug smuggling cia got involved.
. i would have to agree w/that. they care more about judgments, liability than the public.
things getting tense at protest in right now :
rt rt things getting tense at protest in right now :
thank you for posting coverage. watching from toronto and grateful for firsthand accounts. stay safe !
rt things getting tense at protest in right now : ”
at the venue of the concert ?
i was afraid that might happen. i hope it calms down.
police still do not get it. i am afraid more are going to die.
this shit rt : things getting tense at protest in right now : ”
are you all still blocked in ?
why is there a row of police in the middle of a street ? what is this accomplishing ?
rt things getting tense at protest in right now :
police chief " we want the truth like everybody else does . " ok , then start with full transparency
is not it time to be knees down and hands up across the nation -
truth mike brown is dead. one of your officers did it.
indeed we all want to know and we want to full autopsy !
police department justice is not here right now “
" activists " call pd " pigs , " " racist , " " apartheid , " and " occupiers'--then
it not rocket science ! really it ai not ...
check out my video : unarmed black teen (mike brown) slaughter by cop ;
snitches get right
because they do not want to be called traitors or uncle toms or acting white or oreo is etc
check out my video al sharp ton starting race war in ferguson :
u making whit lock look like malcolm x right now
or maybe because the police department is racist as shit you titmouse.
and so many ads looking for minority applicants.
wow . from responses , it seems people only know about what is happening in from web . what happens
it became a no fly zone to ward off journalists ...
what is that ?
cops will not kill minorities ever again.
we all lose real news and live off of apps and netflix
why do you think they want it so badly ?
tell to rigorously investigate & amp ; prosecute all police involved in execution of
police your own damn land native adult fools !
drinking early this morning are you ? needing a little attention ?
the united states justice department i saw no proof of an execution there was no execution
an execution no i saw no execution and if you say you did your a freaking liar.
they are out of hand ! they just killed another innocent man in california. when will it end
tell to rigorously investigate amp ; prosecute all police involved in execution of
okay ... you did not see it, so it must not have happened.
hello fellow white people . lets try to show as much outrage for as we did for facebook messenger .
or more than the tony stewart thing. wtf.
i am so very proud of you america . every young , senior , veteran , sane non-violent person for
as of right there are conflicting stories.
no weapons on those photos.
everyone in should be spreading gene sharp “ how to start a revolution “ now …
you really should not assume.
pd chief the video 2put doubt in ppm is minds, which seems2work w/u.
stop the looting maybe i will listen !
hypothetical scenarios sound good to people like you who have 0 training or expertise.
the killer cop did not know about that incident when he shot mike brown to death.
would never assault a police officer and try to take his gun !
the law enforcement show of force in is more heavily-armed than some of my patrols were in active war zones
the country amp ideals i swore to defend are better than this.
they can start earning that respect back by ceasing to pretend that they are not civilians.
that is awesome. i miss those days, and i do not.
it is super scary and just wrong
i cannot even begin to articulate how much this situation saddens and sickens me.
because its only constitution to protest if it is a fallen war hero.
you and me both. we went in lighter in most areas.
i am just. disgusted.
michael jackson : " it does not matter if you are black or white . " reality : the war
25 fans your tweet has been favorite by 25 people.
it is still a peace sign, asshole.
it is the well documented truth. you do not like the truth ?
scumbag pretends black mobs are not running around like fucking savages in every major us city.
kinda the mentality of in a nutshell !
100 fans your tweet has been favorite by 100 people.
propaganda is what fuels shit heels like marcel.
excellent truly are worth a thousand words
this story makes me so angry ! i. have. no. words.
the police criticize the black communities for not being receptive to police presence in black communities. seriously !
that means you have a heart
250 fans your tweet has been favorite by 250 people.
yes. that is the entire point.
i’m the that means fuck off. everywhere else it means peace.
war on white is being carried out by black thugs in inner cities. well documented
hey black started the peace sign n the 60 is ....
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
right now : those who want a riot , come prepared for a riot . heavily-armed officers are moving in
only the citizens lose. the army. i mean, the police get their tactical practice in.
there lines are blurred .... chickens coming hommmme
why are police wearing came ?
it conveys a militant obey or die “ atmosphere, right ?
like law.
police in have not been wearing identification :
i do not always carry an automatic weapon shopping, but when i do, watch out ! nuts
perhaps but he works hard at it.
kinda like the creepy rapist cop you always hear about & amp ; look out for.
police in have not been wearing identification : ”
police in have not been wearing identification : ”
if you are gotta protect that shopping cart ! citizen is duty get all shoo tie
what are they fighting about ?
and all the cowardly politicians stand mute
police in have not been wearing identification :
that police chief is the definition of incompetent
the only reason those cops have not gone all selma on the people in is because the cameras are rolling
and shit would be around the world in 80 secs.
(models) - petite/plus size - celebrity events 404-860-2171
" your right to demonstrate is not being denied . " says dude in a tank with snipers .
horrible where was our president ?
you can do that shit in the privacy of your own home ! safer there anyway emirate !
not but there was the other night
but now he is out assaulting officers over some jaywalking bs ?! sounds fishy at best.
not from what i can gather, not very not much on mainstream news now
damn lie. they gassed us for demonstrating last night. no other reason.
that does not make a pc a tank.
please be careful.
just because they say it does not make it true.
do you have a new link ? the other one is not working
he obscene. i would give it a pass.
will do just tweeted two posts ravish and new worker
you are doing great work ! thank you.
getting pedantic about the difference between overkill military-style vehicles is irrelevant. unnecessary force being deployed.
does protecting property require pointing sniper rifles at peaceful protesters ?
i tuned out last just catching up ...
the world sees it now and it still does not matter. young man had no criminal background
rules for the cops right ?
eating cake and let is check advice to egypt
your right to demonstrate is not being denied. “ says dude in a tank with snipers.
does an entire city lose its constitutional protections because a few people committed property crimes ?
i love me some fascism apologetic for supper
17-yr-old unarmed black kid was murdered by a cop in , missouri yesterday . this is his stepdad :
for seriously that is sad what is society coming too ??
mike brown tribute by kevin. please listen & amp ; share this message ! rt !
if he was not stealing would even been in that situation
there is absolutely no excuse for the extra judicial execution of unarmed children, you utterly despicable person
this has got to we are all equal and deserve the same respect.
then his unarmed son should not have been stealing
rt : pls spread around stl :
rt plus spread around st : ”
rt plus spread around st : ”
thanks for tweeting that. just donated. wish i could do more.
why are no murdering cops in jail ? they belong there. this country only knows violence.
rt rt plus spread around st : ”
rt plus spread around st : ” check this !
rt plus spread around st : ”
police are not being taught to protect and serve anymore . they are being taught to shoot first , explain
it is all love. peace and blessings.
true and it is disgusting !
right with no consequences or accountability !!
wow . police chief struggles to remember is name but laments the murdering cop is " injuries . " pretty
the cop is injuries “ were also not mentioned until days later.
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
. of cops injuries ?
how did he get injured in 3 minutes ?
not the same attitude from chief this morning i noticed. very, very nervous. . . hmmmm
a cleanup for has been organized . tomorrow . meet at 10 am wednesday august 13 , 333 n florissant
need to be a little more stealthy there dear ....
a clean up eh what are they gonna do bring in the army and kill everyone now ?
you trashed you clean it up
rt : never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks ...
are i have vented since 11-29-12 !!!
police 63 up cars chased 1 car, over 130 cops
rt never forget the original relationship between the police and blacks ...
there is cameras on every corner of the hood . let is out cameras on every cop . what do
unfortunately be we the people let them get away with it !!!!!
i am all for it.
but they are public servants not private citizens. they are accountable to us. shirley ?
those stats are amazing.
oh wait it is in the tweet. fair enough. i wanted the image is all.
have you seen this via related
of blacks voted for obama but he refuse to address police brutality against blacks videos
the solution to protect both sides !!!
maybe they need them to prove something ! sadly, bad guys are all over.
is this about the book post i just did ? i do not see that line.
here is a story worth looking into.
just in : police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson
just in police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson via
just in police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson ”
this police chief said absolutely nothing !! was he trying to justify the shooting ?
rt just in police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson
rt rt just in police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson
rt just in : police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson ”
rt just in : police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson ”
just in police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson ”
and let the clock begin until darren wilson is killed by ferguson citizens.
servers are overloaded or your feed just keeps cutting out online.
rt just in police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson
where is his photo we want to see the teen killing cop
just in police chief identifies cop who shot michael brown as darren wilson
press conference is over . important to note : no mention of stealing anything from any store .
even if he he did not deserve the death penalty.
our law enforcement psychos have becomeamerica is isis against black youth.
guns kill people.
exactly ... why was the gun drawn ? normally its secured in a holster ...
that was what was being said still no reason to shoot the young man
and we all know they lie.
did they mention him assaulting the officer ?
if you go to this doc & amp ; download it explains faction behind these killings
press conference is over. important to note : no mention of stealing anything from any store.
thanks ... we need to be aware ...
mt press conference over. imp : no mention of stealing anything from any store.
: protesters march peacefully , militarized police aim guns at them pic :
hard to believe. is this the kind of democracy the us wants to export around the world ?
who is the moron police commander ?
just home from a war and nothing to do ? disgusting !
how is this mt : : protesters march peacefully, militarized police ... (pic
i think that is what they have/we have been exporting since korea i must confess i am american.
still think you are ' free ' ? welcome to nation ! big brother watched ...
protesters march militarized police aim guns at them pic :
why is all this necessary ? a young man was killed by police ...
if only the police would respond similarly to the protesters outside the family planning clinics
remember in and now ! how many will die ?
. you mean counselors “, right ? that is what thinks they are. //
need to fire their whoever it is.
how much did all that kit cost ?
" ... they acting good now because y'all are here . but what you think is gonna happen when y'all
is a cop out. liberal is not a bad word and i will not make it one.
so how long will you be staying ?
saying liberals made black people not handle their business is crazy. it was white liberals marching and dying
the answer can be seen in any city known for looting.
low there was something i agree with in there somewhere.
liberal whites from new did not do that or allow it.
well apply for a job with the police
no one makes anyone believes anything, they choose to.
know his intentions or what is in his soul.
you believe that
oh i know and i know the people of ferguson can remove them .... just vote.
i think we have been mostly agreeing this whole time.
the problem is we are living under a two party dictator ship
saw interview a woman who said black voters were disenfranchised. nonsense, they just did not bother
people has nothing to do with liberals doing anything.
with king so denying their impact is a lie.
the real question is how the ferguson police will act when everyone is gone
i agree with you but we need to get these barney fifes out you know the type
you talking about the citizens or cops or both ?
thank you liberal white folks. however could we po ' blacks survive without you ? /sarcasm off
although the same could be said of the protesters
minorities in 2014. own your own is.
and like i always tell non-voters. if you do not vote, you do not count
or why called out in ferguson but not at buddy ranch
why would i apply for a job in missouri ? that i do not need.
temporary solution do not leave.
hey story took turn for worse today low “ he was a good boy “
then are a conservative like me.
again did they vote did chris make anyone chooses to live under what they are complaining about ?
the people who bothered to vote did. 15% turn-out
because we police and do not encourage our kids to become police officers. that is why.
iconic : usa shirt , bag of chips in one hand , other throws back tear gas cannister at police
rt this is a bank come to life.
absolutely. fourth time i have tweeted it today.
it resonates in a global and archetypal way.
mt iconic shirt, bag of chips, throws back tear gas canister at police by
yes i can smell the teargas. sticks on you forever.
and from over here in egypt, very familiar. could have been here.
beats a bullet in the back for your kid going to grandma is
i can not stop looking at it.
this photograph is a amazing image. every time i see it, i love it more.
rt : someone please remind me what year it is again ?
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
i feel that everything that we battled for in our youth is being lost.
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
this just makes me weep.
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ? ”
it is not only the cops that need to be reminded of the year ...
but always will be.
there go the dogs ....
congrats on your tweet !
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ?
ken o'keeffe us marine on israel/gaza
all the and other heavy artillery. who are they protecting ? the cop shot
rt someone please remind me what year it is again ?
follow now if you want to follow the story about , the unarmed teenager who was killed by the police
your tweet in the tweet of the day rt and get followers !
i am in the upc, and it is not sweet !
is in st. missouri
follow to follow the story about, the unarmed teenager who was killed by the police.
i think the feds get in on this one at least i hope
follow the story about, unarmed teenager who was killed by the police. ”
check out our new music video 💯🎥
thanks for shedding light on what is going on in my neighborhood thank you again.
unarmed black teenager are you scared ...?
i think there is going to be a big lawsuit.
tell me again how this guy points loaded rifle at cops w impunity & amp ; unarmd black men get
now in ignorant for responding to someone screaming bout racial equality over a fake photo
if you say stupid stuff do not be mad if someone says your stupid
looks a law officer to me, what with the vest and all.
you guys are idiots constantly bringing up racial issues is the only thing keeping them the around
that is not in ferguson idiot
that is he is not black.
. it is the buddy ranch militia who had loaded weapons aimed at officers of the law
wow most of the tweets here are missing your point entirely.
acting like the obvious is not true will assure the problem persists
hell who am i talking at if he old have been they old have shot him
ignorant, stick ur head in sand attitude, only exasperates problem
when there is the chance of the fed is or police getting shot, they tend to stand down
ignoring facts does not mean the problem does not exist
domestic terrorist any time you raise a weapon to law enforcement or authority !
oh come he is just exercising his freedoms ! freeeeeedoms !
hey cry us a river low
. your comment reflects simplistic ignorance of both events
occupation is a crime , from to ! antiwar committee chicago
if you come up with anything intellectual to say let me know
pussy suck a shoe & amp ; god bless israel.
try the truth it is easier
the symbolism that your ideology cannot comprehend is that ignorant masses will congregate for the stupidest reasons
if you support those terrorist killers fm and go to allah.
how is occupying ? are you being sarcastic ?
'' education defeats propaganda '' yet you ate up all the fox news israel propaganda.
in a that is correct.
you made something and i asked you to show me where palestine occupies israel.
you are a
and needs to quit occupying israel space. it is a terrorist heaven.
occupation is a from to ! antiwar committee chicago
this exchange is definitely the best thing to come out of twitter , ever .
you need to check l. williams tl. you will not be disappointed,
rt this exchange is definitely the best thing to come out of twitter, ever. ”
or afghanistan ? powerful evidence of growing militarization of us police forces .
absent foreign the defense industry needs new customers ...
hard to police are militarized in
yes. one needs to look no further than the police response to the search for boston marathon bombers
get the book rise of the warrior cop
this shows that govt senses a growing threat.
st. louis area police forces are less diverse than communities they serve . by the numbers -
st. area police forces are less diverse than communities they serve. by the numbers -
your trolling is sub you piece of shit.
racial quotas are the best way to build a good police force. brilliant !
is it possible to get the breakdown by applicant as well ?
what a bunch of race baiting dribble
the police department thinks it is a joke
2nd how many whites and minorities were denied because background and drug test
racist propaganda like this is complete bullshit and does not help the problem
the police chief has endangered and someone should take his microphone away . let the big boys handle this now
needs to go back to his porch sh
been saying this for a couple of days now.
give him a break. he had to be on before it
just read a copy of the presser. should personally relieve man of his duties yesterday.
the big boys are world-class war criminals who preside over/administer system is mass incarceration/slow genocide
maybe i but i thought he was part of ferguson is government.
has no authority in ferguson. he cannot fire anyone there !
i am amazed at his ineptness.
speechless. there are no words
he is endangering all the hard work you, capt ron johnson and others have done to bring
i thought the was in charge of the murder investigation anyhow ? wtf is happening ?
that press conference was a disaster. clearly he was not prepared for today in any way.
he needs to go away. fire him. who can fire him ?
he wanted to stick it to the gov. for replacing him and disparage at the same time !
he is a train wreck. poor leader.
he will be a tea party darling before you know it, after he loses his job.
he is obviously trying to protect his officer and just making things worse.
would not that be you ? can not you fire him ?
i agree. danger tonight on the streets, i fear.
he is an alderman from the city of st. louis .... different cities all together.
. what is he saying now ???
needs to brown family they are right !
the police chief should be relieved of his duties before he does more damage.
rt police chief has endangered & amp ; someone should take his microphone away.
is locked down hard . we are parking and going in on foot .
is locked down hard. we are parking and going in on foot. ” jeez us
is locked down hard. we are parking and going in on foot.
is locked down hard. we are parking and going in on foot. ”
please be careful we need you guys
watch it for yourself sir. praying for everyone is safety.
he is our angel.
you are in my thoughts. wishing you all the luck in the world. xx
r.i.p. . innocent teen murdered by police . for respect & amp ; spreading his story .
so awful ... my heart just breaks for his family.
. innocent teen murdered by police. for respect & amp ; spreading his story.
i know how bet the cop will only get a suspension ...
housing discrimination in everything : the nyt on racial inequality in
the poverty rate is about twice missouri’s average. “
housing discrimination in everything the not on racial inequality in
in debate over , remember : defense industry campaign cash flowed to lawmakers who backed militarizing police
cop militarization also stems from unaccountable extrajudicial fusion ctr net- fed/cop gestapo : journo
a good additional quick read on funding of drones for law enforcement :
police rolling through neighborhoods like armed militias is instills fear in people, not confidence.
in debate remember defense industry campaign cash flowed to lawmakers who backed militarizing police
as we get more authoritarian it politicizes into fascism and brutality.
is tragic death is not a problem or a problem , it is an american problem . .
is tragic death is not a problem or a problem, it is an american problem ”
why choose such a racist country ?
is tragic death is not a problem or a problem ,it is an aamerican.”
is tragic death is not a problem or a problem its an american problem. ”
politicians have an agenda and they will manipulate to fulfill that agenda ! shorten their terms !!!!
distracting from the crumbling secret trade deals like, and (israel supported by us)
i would argue we are the least racist country in the world.
is tragic death is not a problem or a problem, it is an american problem.
is tragic death is not a problem or a problem, it is an american problem.
not just in man. it is worldwide.
read the book to see how has become more subtle and hidden but still deadly
you disagree that people come here from all ethnic backgrounds ?
it was not a tragic death. it was murder. murdered in
is tragic death is not a problem or a problem, it is an american problem.
i understand the racism but why show anger by looting, it makes now since.
indeed and if we do not deal with it, racism and its effects will get worse.
really that can not really be you are argument against racism in this country
blacks are in an uproar about this death, while africa is being plundered.
are they not racist in alaska and hawaii
the first lady millionaire was black. racist.
it is an authoritarian government problem.
beware media is using a strategy to keep the masses distracted from the corporate takeover
supreme court pretty much declared it over.
yes. everything south of the canadian border might as well be alabama.
agree but that does not change the fact that racism is still problem in this country
protesters asking : " what are we doing wrong " as police advance . police dogs barking .
there is no looting taking place, zionist cracker.
protesters asking what are we doing wrong “ as police advance. police dogs barking.
capitalist society says your already in the wrong for being black and poor
police department justice is not here right now “
upset that elected official across this country are not putting a stop 2 the police militarization of
if city water filtration systems were not so expensive ....... oh never mind !
watch live what is going on in st louis
terrible situation. enough of police abuse on black kids. my goodness
like white kids do regularly. dip shit.
ah. way to be racist.
where do they do it ? shoplifting is not looting.
multiple witnesses have told the media in , that mike brown had his hands up when he was shot "
it is time we all the who are committing crimes
something has to be done.
if that is true ... there is not a layer of hell vile or deep enough ...
cops did same thing with my case in ok.
the system will make sure the cop gets 2 years and serves 11 months.
watch them discredit every last one of those witnesses ....
not to worry. all of those witnesses will be surely discredited, if not arrested.
officers will find a way to say he was resisting .... sad
i read there was one sole witness
any bullet holes in the armpits ?
there has to be camera footage from a store or street camera right ?
cops are getting too aggressive. brutalized grandmother after breaking into wrong apartment.
. well obviously. the officer was in fear for his life.
who needs any more evidence that the police is saturated with violent racist pigs ?
the occasional police car drives through and some shouts of " f-ck the police ! " can be heard .
yes day 5 ... no telling what will happen tonight !
show is on now here. on mo & amp ; cops & amp ; people.
i suspect you of having something to do with this.
where is the protest ? they need some with on them. using the ' #' too.
no. it is on. right now. cbs news. on mo.
chants of fuck the police “ are informed by deep and real sociohistorical experiences of police repression.
will not even say how many times he was shot
i would go but i am not sure it is safe to go there
yea that is why i will just stay home ! lol
maybe the lesson from this is that the storm troopers should leave.
, mo is in protest after a cop kills an unarmed black teen :
keep marching right on to the polls this november mo.
and disrespectful we should all be outraged !
only a mentality that says “ you do not run from me “ can explain this death !
these cops are so out of control something must be done. they keep getting away with murder.
mo is in protest after a cop kills an unarmed black teen :
mo is in protest after a cop kills an unarmed black teen : ” sad !
mine as opened my eyes
the 1st book i ever loved was malcolm x.
there will be no or censoring the global community from witnessing this travesty
there will be no censoring the global community from witnessing this travesty ”
there will be now or censoring the global community from witnessing this travesty
i love u so much mc can in please follow me
thank you for using your voice ! thank you for making this issue known ! thank you !
but that a shameless promotion in the face of turmoil ? lllol&sgt: travesty ”
response is global map of recent 300,000 tweets
please help support a girl with a figure skating dream 💞
i see you still up mc no sleep 👶👶👶👶👶🔫🔫🔫🔫🔫👮👮👮👮👮👮👮👮😭😭😭😭😭😭👮👮👮👮👮😭😭😭😭😭😭👮👮👮
rt there will be censoring the global community fr witnessing this travesty
thank you broth we need more celebrity influence here in you guys can make a big difference
just wondering why the looting & amp ; vandalism ?
most-shared news images , as published on link :
news as published on :
many police officers today operate from fear and prejudice . that is dangerous when you have the power to take
they join the pd in order to kill and jail african-americans, and teenagers or children are easiest.
yes. many fear not going home at night. too much distrust on both sides
and operate with stereotypes too
you hit the nail on the head !
this is what they are not showing you on the media . these young men cleaning up after the riot
the police department thinks it is a joke
rose petals and candles have been placed in the street where is body laid .
the monkey wait ... what !?
god dammit. you are right. wtf ?!!
racist monkey. seriously that is absolute crap.
rose petals and candles have been placed in the street where is body laid.
rose petals and candles have been placed in the street where is body laid. ”
a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
sniper on roof is especially ... interesting.
so sh : a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in ”
improving relations with the community ?
a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
the police are not here to create disorder, they are here to preserve disorder.
massive swat teams showing up for peaceful protests have worked so well in so far.
rt a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
seriously don’t understand why they are wearing camouflage.
there are lots of black people. how else you gonna get em all ?
rt a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
here we go again. rt : a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
is this the same ? are those the citizens responsible for this ?
is is that a machine gun that flashes by on top of the van at the end ?!
someone just needs to sneak up behind them and yank their pants to their ankles !
unreal. rt a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in ”
a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in ” 6 sec of wt cc
you just in case rt : a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
missouri mayor : looters came from out of town . … was he talking about sharpton ?
gods justice will be swift and harsh for al not-so-sharpton ...
. will be there to take his fees.
mayor looters came from out of town. … was he talking about sharp ton ?
he will probably call it a donation and not pay any taxes on it, either !
why is it always black people that loot, never whites ?... just an observation.
it will be a free will donation of appreciation. who would dare say otherwise ?
is just a professional looter.
i wonder if sharp ton picked himself up some of those free twinkies and fruit pies ?
is from out of town.
criminals should be no matter where they come from.
want was the racial quotient ?
a reverend. what religion
it does add some spice to our tweets from time to time !
here is some evidence and some weird conspiracy theories :
sad. another reason why the republic is endangered.
again with the auto correct ! sheesh !
demonstrators on west florissant in wearing signs . holding hands in the air in solidarity with
demonstrators on west in wearing signs. holding hands in the air in solidarity with
per : as of this am , witness dorian johnson has still not spoken to st. louis county pd despite
numerous attempts by whom ? dorian or county pd ?
think he means made the attempts, not the police.
pd. clarified in tweets
his attorney is a decades long family friend.
i mean by reporters.
that is not what he tweeted.
he should go to the prosecutor instead
maybe so but they are also trying to do an investigation with the feds that takes time right ?
if the fed investigation concludes that the cop should not go to jail then what else can b done
family attorney rump said yesterday that johnson planned to give written statement to police
at this point i would hope higher authorities would totally take over case. this is not right
in because has appeared on basically every single hsbc show in last 24-hours
they are too busy trying to get the city under control first i am guessing
found their witness pretty easily ...
and as is atty says they will meet w/fbi + county prosecutor today
him attempting or the police attempting ?
numerous attempts from the pd to get him in or vice verse ?
no. his attorneys have said multiple times they contacted the police and they declined.
... like at this point i think they are just making of game of saying bullshit.
did you read any of the followup tweets ?
was not he is interviewed right out of the station ?
extremely poorly worded. need to clarify
after went natl w/ his story. i personally arranged that media into.
. i can tell you first hand this is not true. his attorneys called. were rebuffed.
but why would the police lie ? oh, never mind.
they did not. in rebuffed his attorneys. i met w/ johnson + his lawyers.
right police say they made the attempts, not that johnson made the attempts +
no legal standing to do so. can make informal request, but too late now.
.... they were told his statement was not needed at this time
since people are asking police say that they have made numerous attempts to reach johnson
please dont try to buy me out , money or anything . my story is for justice .
keep it man. thank you for staying strong.
super sketch. i hope the authority takes your testimony seriously.
look at lurking.
block him dude. he’s just looking for a come up. seems like a spammer as well.
that girl who got her phone confiscated needs to tell the press tho
that is so dirty and yo for holding true ! thank you, brother. ✊
dude has a radio show & amp ; wants the exclusive if i was to guess.
oh damn. hush money
dude is trying to buy him and what he saw happen “ : what does this mean ? ”
it is messed up when cops can shoot unarmed black teen yet white people can walk around target with ar-15
stating facts is not string up hate.
if the residents of had ar-15s, the media would have labeled them cop killers.
you make good points. can not really do much against a map used in war overseas ...
you are out of your mind. that is a recipe for a total disaster.
has any of the local media confirm he was unarmed ? assuming you are near there that is.
treated him like a damn animal
can i use this tweet in my article ?
mt if residents at were armed w/ar-15s situation would have gone different. why 2nd and exist
so what are black communities supposed to do in these situations ? sit back and be terrorized ?
u bet i am what ? complete thoughts help out in communication.
humans can not seem to be trusted to govern themselves ...
humans are animals though ... they were acting like animals as well. primates to be precise.
stirring up hate does not help you know. a senseless killing is tragic enough.
right .... and this is why we need mental health care in this country.
they brought riot gear and riot trucks. they wanted there to be an altercation.
we have a lot of work to do . from : " white st. louis has some awful things to
i am white and in ferguson & amp ; i apologized for my part in racism here :
not everyone. lots of support for you out here for you all too.
so as the racists they are still not over even a half-black president !
good i got about halfway through and it is making me sick ...
agreed. hopefully the protests last night changed some hearts and minds.
first coast reporting violent protests in last night.
not only in lots of work to be done in these united states ...
i have said is almost like a motion picture adaptation of 10 yrs worth of comments.
white fear of black. an american tradition since the 18th century.
you do not. the rest of white america does
army tactical gear this image is not from or this is mo fatal shooting
this image is not from or this is mo fatal shooting ”
look who talk at : guy whose admin snatched freedom from etc
badges do not grant the right to execute
this image is post racial america
yep looks like war zone on us soil while we sing “ i believe children are the future “
army tactical gear this image is not from or this is mo fatal shooting
that iconic photo reminds me of somewhere . the west bank .
thanks for sharing it is now featured on “ in my view “
that iconic photo reminds me of somewhere. the west bank. ”
message that iconic photo reminds me of somewhere. the west bank. ”
and and : that iconic photo reminds me of somewhere. the west bank. ”
that iconic photo reminds me of somewhere. the west bank.
that iconic photo reminds me of somewhere. the west bank. ”
there is a rally today !!!!! spread the word
there is a rally today !!!!! spread the word ” come through fifth district !
praying is not going to stop piggies from shooting unarmed men.
there is a rally today !!!!! spread the word
there is a rally today !!!!! spread the word “
rt there is a rally today !!!!! spread the word
protestors have shut down a major intersection
no peace rt protesters have shut down a major intersection
protesters have shut down a major intersection ”
thanks. all police should wear cameras. that would save so much grief
i would have tony all they ass “ : protesters have shut down a major intersection ”
protesters have shut down a major intersection ”
reported about 2 hours ago. do not know if still going on now.
protesters have shut down a major intersection ”
the power of the people !!!!
" the 18 year old victim had no weapon and his hands in the air and was still shot multiple
can not believe they just gave that cop a paid vacation
. of course they baby. that is what they do. that and all.
lots of people -- some prayerful , some sad , some angry -- have gathered outside the police headquarters
do you know of any live streamers broadcasting from the rally tonight
lots of people some prayerful, some sad, some angry -- have gathered outside the police headquarters
yes i quite agree !!!
we have to take marching is not enough !!!
all peacefully demanding justice ...... organized peaceful demands for justice is the way.
seems like an update would be top priority this morning.
many people do not comprehend that proper “ democracy “ does not allow the enforcement of illegitimate laws.
but peaceful.
give a copy of this photo to pd
hi i work for cbs news in nyc. is this your photo ? contact
petition get it on legal paper asap
service false flag shooters extortion cia rfd tv
thank you for sharing all of this antonio !!!!
protests and angry mobs will not bring the kid back
are they carrying rifles if they are not, then the police have little consequence to fear
the name of the police officer who killed is darren wilson . he has been on the police force for
yes. it is a tragedy. you are welcome btw !
thanks for sharing that it is still an unfortunate tragedy no matter how u look at it !
he is black rt : the name of the police officer who killed is darren wilson.
his color matters to the people in ferguson
yeah it matters. if completely destroys “ racism “ aspect
... just realism i watch you on yb and on fm
does it make you feel better now knowing the name ??????
better view of police facing off against protesters in
and they did so in order to point tanks at and bomb offices of black panthers.
are you kidding me this is unbelievable
fuck the police rt better view of police facing off against protesters in
better view of police facing off against protesters in ” unreal
it looks like apartheid in south africa 1960 ... have these white folks ever heard of general custer ?
a show of force is needed to tell people where they really stand mean had hahhhh
better view of police facing off against protesters in
do you not see this ?!!!!
better view of police facing off against protesters in ”
better view of police facing off against protesters in ”
the world now knows his name , tonight get to know mike brown the person at 9
not the first but it is important.
also and others are spreading false information about saying he has a criminal record. !
record or not he did not deserve that !
pretty sure he does.
that is the first thing you want to know .... sick
let is hear about his record, if any ?
sorry for the typos. moving too fast.
the world now knows his name, tonight get to know mike brown the person at 9
whoa whoa whoa no charges as an adult, con now lets set the record straight.
that just happened !
no criminal record as an adult
hope replaces tear gas in
hugs are better than tear gas.
mt hope replaces tear gas in
call me girl when your man ai not home. “ rt : hope replaces tear gas in
it is amazing what happens when you are not shooting at people
crowd of about 250 ignoring order to disperse from w florissant .
told to stay away rt there is no local coverage ... why the black out ?
i mean the televised news.
we are the media. you are the media.
i will bet you anything that the cops would not hesitate to shoot them all.
do not these young to go to school ?
are they there to burn down the qt again ?
corporate and political elite are the same.
police now on the move , advancing on the crowd .
police now on the advancing on the crowd.
are they hoping to provoke so they can get serious with those heavy weapons they are toting ?
, missouri community furious after teen shot dead by police
... the should investigate this.
community furious after teen shot dead by police ”
community furious after teen shot dead by police ”
community furious after teen shot dead by police
community furious after unarmed teen shot dead by police ”
community furious after teen shot dead by police ” sh not again
community furious after teen shot dead by police ” must read !!!!
thank you pbo .
i am thinking time to replace “ white “ with npoc, pond or noncom
when black ppm stop calling themselves black, which is a color, then things will change ... think
and had gov sends in nat guard at kent state.
i can promise you the thought was already i am nixon is head if not already moving on it
twice stepped in to southern upheaval.
how do people elect officials incompetent of doing job !!!
and white people call themselves white. what does that have to do with anything ?
an other beer summit. reacting before all the facts are known
other presidents have tried and were killed, even “ white “ presidents
tried with then gov. wallace. to no avail.
people are gathering at the site where police killed 17-year-old . police have swarmed the area .
look at the fuckers on the roofs
yeah but it may stop it. it has to stop bob ... got it ...
people are gathering at the site where police killed 17-year-old. police have swarmed the area.
do you know where police trained to attack defenseless civilians ? take it from this ex solider
they need to swarm a press conference with a statement telling the world why they executed that kid
that picture looks straight up like the police mobs against pop in the 60s where they were spraying hoses
it seems to be getting worse and worse
being silent while the cops murder yet another black teenager will not help anything. justice needed
escalating this will not bring mike back !
i though in us they never shoot black without good reason anymore.
st. louis co police confirm female shot in head in 1300 bl highmont , near qt . appears to be
that is mopping up “ ex-witnesses.
i am reminded of the nazis dragging people from their homes and lining them up against the wall
wow. very sad on all accounts
what is going on shootings and drive by ? can you confirm ?
and they wonder why the cops are armed
patrol cars still flood the streets in more than 6 hours after police officer shot teenager
what are they looking for more kids to shoot ?
muslims butchering muslims = no biggie notil an israeli kills 1 . u.s. blacks killing other blacks = non event
so true mass media is the culprit !!
it is so it is the same here in south africa ! #
it seems lots of us are coming to the same conclusions on these news events.
logical fallacy. officers of the law are to protect and serve. not intimidate and murder !
shame is that only you can say this without being crucified by the media and race batters.
and i hope them all dirty child killers. ,
must keep narrative alive ..... must keep narrative alive ..... keep steeple divided .... must keep narrative alive
i guess is a racist too.
let is see how you feel when a cops beats you for no reason.
i guess the only ones who are not racists are white liberals.
going to a protest ? know your rights .
sue .... of course. lol
not surprising considering there is no mention of slavery in our founding documents
some places have first amendment “ areas, like moor woods. do these change the law ?
going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
then do not act violent disrespectful or criminally. simple really
good to thank you my friend. are you watching ?
mike brown had a right to walk on the streets without being killed
that is such bullshit and you know it. but hey it sells papers.
going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
the little yellow bus that takes him there, does not provide happy meal monies
devil mi “ : going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
we are going to use pan era for ops going forward anyways.
when you tweet or write articles that everyone can see, you are gonna get different opinions.
going to a protest know your rights.
rt going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
rt going to a protest ? know your rights.
so all those people marching in the streets nationwide are faking outrage at ? dream on.
the truth is there is no justice if you have enough fiat paper you can buy an indulgence maybe
i was an infant during the 60 is. i will take your word on that
unless your town becomes north korea and institutes a curfew
my column arrest wilson arrest him now !! : :
congrats on your tweet !
apparently being scapegoated for all this countries ill is not enough.
congrats on your tweet !
going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
. most of the people protesting in are not anti-cops. you understand nothing. smh
but only after you spill hot coffee on yourself
enjoy your night dude ... hopefully more facts come out soon.
funny how lies start name calling when in some kind of debate. never fails. lol
going to a protest ? know your rights.
go on and cry like did. youll at least get some attention
come on ... it is what have you done for me lately. always has been.
does not really matter if they are just going to ignore your rights anyway
4 the reminder and especially for all the great work you do !
you too. have a great weekend.
i hear ya. your right.
going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
scum are everywhere. our system has mechanisms to flush them out. erm ... eventually.
you forgot make believe your outraged.
it is obvious you do not give a crap. i try to talk with people who do.
heathen. degenerate.
i was not talking to you.
scratch that. no i have not. just looked. i read some articles not your blog
the bust card. do not leave home without it.
this makes the us awesome. mt : protesting ? know your rights.
note not giving a shit and not being a pc sheep does not make people racist.
going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
taking us back to the 1950 is and 1960 is. enough !!!
going to a protest ? know your rights. ””
um mm actually buy something & amp ; not just use their wife be a start ...
apparently being used to build this country was not enough.
peacefully not riots low big difference
going to a protest ? know your rights. ” everyone
going to a protest ? know your rights. ”
confusion here. who is talking to whom.
i am dumb. just like the millions who are not marching.
might want to make certain and every other that kill victims this and the list of
nothing about riots and looting in those rights, is there.
whenever you want to justify shooting an unarmed person you always say they reached for your gun . george zimmerman
a trial baby steps baby steps. they do not think a crime was committed.
the police are already doing that
this is y all cops should have body cams, dash cams, and interior car cams
an intelligent person will always do their best to know their opponent.
he has exposed is naked racism
this is called the armed white mans defense “
next they will produce a witness whose story changes 3 times before it coalesces for trial
is election popped is giant zit of racism. now the puss is oozing out.
do not care what they think but i do observe their tactics.
and do not think they do not know it
they have declared war on us and freaking holder should step in
i can not believe this man. running away while reaching for the gun. lying ass motherfuckers.
this shit is backlash from a black president
i fear cops more than criminals
let is not care what they think. that is always been part of the problem
and he reached for my gun “ is all you need especially when the victim is black.
there has to be video like crazy. nothing from witness phones yet ?
it looks like an execution from this vantage. it really does.
dude. that is too gross even for me, but true ...
if there was only a technology that allowed police interactions to be recorded ....
or they will discredit a witness because he or she does not speak “ proper “ english
this shit is so blatant they shooting brothers while being filmed
you are an intellectual causes the other guys trouble.
not that the truth.
exactly. they will cover that officers ass before the truth ever comes out. know the smear campaign
headlines like " is this how a dystopia starts ? " ... ( read : " could police militarization start
moral bankruptcy not a problem, only actual bankruptcy
what the are you talking about
spoken like a true bigger bitch. blocked. go suck a pussy
amp ridge. never heard of it. you ... are a lo info cunt
is 60% black , but virtually all its cops are white .
the lack of diversity among mirrors the lack of diversity in the mainstream media. ijs
101 rt is 60% black, but virtually all its cops are white.
is but virtually all its cops are white. ”
is but virtually all its cops are white. ”
remember said he would create his army inside the usa that better equipped than our military ?
is but virtually all its cops are white. “ ' buff said.
is but virtually all its cops are white. ”
that is just not it is all over america # black america
not much diversity in hiring practices !
is not the town primarily black people ? be accurate with statistics
rt is but virtually all its cops are white.
is but virtually all its cops are white.
so of white people had contraband. 20% of black people had contraband.
public health haiku bias out of hand - power dynamic askew - heal imbalance now.
the whistleblower said it was not his intention to take the pd down but he had to say something .
source where did you get this from ?
more peaceful protesting today in .
more peaceful protesting today in.
why are those whites surrendering ? ”
waste of time : more peaceful protesting today in. ”
more peaceful protesting today in. “
brown was a thug as suspected
why can not people behave after the sun goes down ?
what are you talking about ?
more peaceful protesting today in. ”
tell them about this and see what happens
i do not apologize for my blackness ... y'all got that ? .
why should you you are beautiful.
i do not fear you. you do not deserve anything.
congrats on your tweet !
that is because we are not afraid.
yup cause we did not ask to be here, but we in this bitch now !
get the fuck out of my time line, white trash.
do you make excuses for thieving cigar stealing bully thugs ... ?
i do not apologize for my blackness ... y'all got that ? .
you ladies and gentlemen !!! never apologize !!!
the hell you say. now run and tell that to your 6 followers.
powerful thanks 4 sharing. i am an american african, melanin rich, period !
this person is out of touch with reality if she truly believes what she wrote on the cardboard !
i do not apologize for my blackness ... y'all got that ? . ”
another iconic image thanks for sharing
well national geographic owes you an apology low
i do not apologize for saying you are one ugly hoe.
powerful i do not apologize for my blackness ... y'all got that ? . ”
we earthlings are a multicolored mosaic and need to empower ourselves with self-love and tangible equality
no reason you should. the world needs to change, not you.
breaking : anonymous posts st. louis police tapes from day of shooting .
every day from now on will be let the movement begin ! please re tweet !
breaking anonymous posts st. louis police tapes from day of shooting.
awful . rt police have dogs and shotguns . the unarmed crowd is raising their hands .
awful. rt police have dogs and shotguns. the unarmed crowd is raising their hands.
this is what the country is come to. god dammit.
respect freedom ...
respect freedom ... ”
not just what you but what you give !
. respect freedom ... “
yo freedom ... ”
respect yourselves i am a little pea ... i love you !
share it if you against police brutality
the problem is black oppress their own kind and then bite the hand that feeds them
protestor on bull horn : " is this the gaza strip you bombin '"
beheading forcing religious minorities to flee iraq and get stuck on a mountain were a thousand have star
how about y worry about what ppm are doing in the name of your religion like in iraq
most intolerant violent religion in history islam
notice how they talk back to israel but not haas
geniuses well time for tear gas good night ferguson !
police bomb back. yes cause we do not like your kind round these parts.
are protesting in.
on bull horn “ is this the gaza strip you bombing '”
rt protector on bull horn : “ is this the gaza strip you bombing '”
new statement from police on shooting of ht
release the per is name.
are you kidding me with this
rt new statement from police on shooting of ht & gt ; ......
new statement from police on shooting of ht ” who is the cop though ?
been through tough situations if anything, they have made it so !
new statement from police on shooting of ht it keeps fighting
curfew rt new statement from police on shooting of ht
what exactly is a violent demonstration “ ???
who wrote that crap lol better go back to pr school
so what is your opinion ?
they must think it is a joke b/c that statement is a joke.
you can not just scribble “ during the day “ under freedom to assemble.
rt new statement from police on shooting of ht
so there is a dusk to dawn curfew, now.
staggeringly tone deaf new statement from police on shooting of ht ”
who has turned peaceful protests “ into “ violent demonstrations “ these “ past several days “ ???
more like a deceleration of war on all citizens out after dark
they obviously have not been working with even one leader from the community to fix anything.
uneasy night : st. louis post dispatch is reporting on last night is clashes in
remember the last unarmed white teen killed by police ? me neither.
it has happened it just does not get reported by the race baiting news media like hsbc.
pictures speak a thousand words.
can someone please hold captain america is chips while he hurls a flaming ball at police ?
hanging on to those looted chips !
uneasy night st. post dispatch is reporting on last night is clashes in
rt st. post dispatch is reporting on last night is clashes in
this is mt st. louis post dispatch is reporting on last night is clashes in …
wait , why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protestors ?
i see where you are getting at but they also are not fucking shit up low
noticing body language is sometimes useful
why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protesters ? ” ft
he looks like a baby having a poo !
now that is a proud comma is boy ! looks like he just jacked off !
because that is the chairman of the local tea party ?
that smug mug needs to be slapped
why would they point guns at ghosts ? they’re already dead !
notice ... they are even mirroring each others ' presence.
it goes higher i am afraid !
why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protesters ?
thanks for amplifying now shared here
why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protesters ? stand with them
" da man wit the chips " in this iconic photo from has been identified .
it really is a great image
oh my his twitter handle mt man in this iconic photo has been identified.
man wit the chips “ in this iconic photo from has been identified.
gotta be some brand out there willing to give him chips for life.
iconic how about “ hyperbolic “ ?
see i am not the only one
ridiculous he was there for better reason then to get chip sponsorship ! this is serious.
yep that is way we quoted it.
i peeped the screen name. hilarious.
hey hey those are not my/our words ! they his :
rt man wit the chips “ in this photo from has been identified.
man wit the chips “ in this iconic photo from has been identified. ”
seriously you know that would not be the case. stop it ! have a productive day.
man wit the chips “ in this iconic photo from has been identified. ”
not true whatsoever. that’s why it’s quoted. it’s a self-referential.
looks like we have an internet legend on our hands
if he wants to remain anonymous let him. no need to cheapen the reason he was there !
the shooting shows that being passive leads 2 more injustice . if a black cop shot an unarmed white teen
that man was off duty. he had no business shooting him.
seriously when you see enough of these stories you start seeing the patterns and see the narrative
and about of white murders are by whites as well. what is your point ?
hearing that he was shoplifting. is that true ? what are the exact details ?
4 riots in 4 different years in michigan university
in the crowd. police were laughing, one said “ that would not be my son. “
fine. a video of student riots along with anti police brutality chants.
where is the bed wenches talking about being scared of the police ?
you are a troll so blocked. deuces
cup riots 2011. primarily white people
blacks folks out there need to grab their guns and let heads roll in the steers
what are the numbers on black cops shooting white teens though ?
enough black kids get killed in the street and it just might happen.
there was every color in that.
are you also going to claim the hockey riots were not overwhelmingly white also ?
when you say well known “ you are talking about ones allowed to be on white controlled media
this is what we need to be doing only then will this stop and not a second sooner
are you saying soccer is popular in america ? it is not. other countries yes.
first of all why do you act like al sharp ton represents all of us ?
that teen did something to be shot at. camera will tell.
there is no way that teen was complying with the cops for that to happen.
why have not the police released it to quell the riot ?
my point is deal with where they come from. instead of riots.
ugh. thank you for the info. know that my thoughts are on.
so the penalty for shoplifting is death now. they need to stop the madness.
real fucking talk but the question is to riot, property damage, only go after the police ?
they feel in danger lmao
that is what you want to see. get the facts before making conclusions.
do not know full details. i was not there when he was shot
now we will see what this teen did before making unsupported accusations.
why do not you check the eyewitness account at : 55
has heard about hidden colors ? could they maybe show some of it at ?
we are done. you are just racist. cause he was unarmed.
i was out there a little while ago. it was crazy !
zero. because they know that the dominant society would not be passive about it
i am done. i do not socialize with racist on either side of the spectrum.
at least when we riot is over important issues like police brutality, poverty and racism.
seriously we are telling about white people. they just do not exist in america you know.
and check what this witness tells the reporter :
i have watched your films i am skeptical that even if we pooled economics for more (cont)
had whites tearing places up.
second let is look at the deaths by police
also here are white surfers from california rioting and destroying property last year
what are people doing out there now ?
... of unarmed person. you still have no examples
i do not recall complaining about white deaths.
until a white man went out after 50 or more whites were attacked for his revenge.
are you seriously going to claim white ppm never riot and destroy property ?
well single digits get killed by cops ; so, rioting the wrong place.
riots in 2014 after march madness
all cars have cameras on them. the truth is out there.
so you have no proof and are just trolling for attention. duly noted.
also when have unarmed white teens been shot by black cops when not committing a crime ?
you are done cut you have not had any your facts straight in our reactions
none of that was done here
they are over there talking about “ he should not have been stealing. “
this was an hour or so ago. not sure what is happening now.
you do know over if all african american deaths are done by other african americans ?
now that there is video showing it is almost all-white riot what is your excuse now ?
more interested in the car camera.
white people riot over losing soccer games. look up soccer hooligans genius.
and as in the grant case the shooting of unarmed black youth on camera apparently does not matter
news is only interested in what happens to black ppm. and i am not even joking.
witness to is shooting opens up : he was ishot like an animal '
do not shoot me my hands are up story.
witness to is shooting opens up : he was shot like an animal '
witness to is shooting opens up : he was shot like an animal '
witness to is shooting opens up : he was shot like an animal '
great update see it live here :
my column an execution in ferguson :
is shooting. he was shot like an animal '
exactly wonder if we will ever get to see dash can footage.
i wanna say this is a palestinian israeli cartoon, which is telling
witness to is shooting opens up : he was shot like an animal ' ” horrific.
witness to is shooting opens up : he was shot like an animal ' ”
witness to is shooting opens up : he was shot like an animal ' ”
rt witness to is shooting shot like an animal '
another boy mentally was killed in la walking down the street mon - heard on
mt witness to is shooting opens up : he was shot like an animal '
protestors in refuse to move , have put their hands up in front of police .
. does anyone have to be at work in the morning ?
i think answered my question perfectly.
listening to this i do not know how anyone feels safe walking in
notice that nobody ever asks why open carry and anti-choice protesters are not at work.
what about providing for a family ... where is that on your list of priorities ?
in that why ask if you seem content answering your own questions ?
maybe this injustice is more important than a 9-5.
i have to get home and watch my kids, move dam it, it is a school night
michael brown , unarmed black teen killed by police in was set to start college on monday . :
that is so sad thoughts and prayers for his family and hope they investigate so he has justice
why does the word black need to be put in this story
unarmed black teen killed by police in was set to start college on monday. :
what the hell are they “ claiming “ he “ did “ ?? how horrible !
this is horrific. what are they claiming he did ?
a witness describes the use of tear gas tonight .
police scanner just reported another police shooting. police advised to be on “ high alert “
you have to watch it on youtube to see the video so click the link.
this is unreal. the police is crazy as hell.
do not rub it into your skin and especially your eyes, it makes it worse.
check this out. trying to catalog some of the best coverage (including yours ! ) :
a witness describes the use of tear gas tonight.
this records to secure servers , prevents deletion if phone seized android : iphone :
good to know info anyway !
thanks this is a must have for every american
how many times do we lose stuff on our phones, this is great info, thanks !
does this mean what ever you record is held on central says available to anyone ?
any protest peoples should have this. anywhere in the world. the 8 billion minority are rising
is this becoming a problem in ?
younger than , but not that much younger
younger but not that much younger ”
younger but not that much younger ”
save kids from but not that much younger
younger but not that much younger ”
younger but not that much younger ” my hearts broken. 😢
younger but not that much younger ” this pic tho 😥
at propaganda. sent these little chiclets back to u-god-anne-da. loooooool
younger but not that much younger ” awe ... so sad
younger but not that much younger
younger but not that much younger
oh my god in dead rt : younger than, but not that much younger
break my heart younger than, but not that much younger ”
i hope everyone see they are young boys and not just young black boys. (cuties ! )
younger but not that much younger ” aw babies 😢
rt younger but not that much younger
younger but not that much younger ”
so very deplorable that this is the reality these children face every day.
sad survival lessons we have to teach our young black boys .
truth can be so painful.
sad survival lessons we have to teach our young black boys.
that was so deep ... sadly true. they must know what has happened ()
wait , why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protestors ?
exactly. and why is that ?
because they were told not to
why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protesters ? ”
panthers have always supported 2nd amendment !!!!! rwnj values !
i really do not see any difference between the costumes.
not allowed shooting family members ! 😥
because it is nothing but a terrorist organization.
the shit heel is actually wearing the perfect facial expression.
having a black lotus might be causing a backlash that has lead to a murder like this
they pick whom they want question is r u on the list ?
is he looting or committing arson ?
had they been looking and destroying property ? did they toss rocks and bottles at cops ?
cone hat. it is a cone hat.
why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protesters ? ” his expression is priceless
so now i am discussing the black panthers ?
i know you “ kkk “
because most of the police secretly belong to the kkk that is why. lol
it’s the kid out of silver spoons !
was there more than one klansman in ?
boy swear i would get if said what on mind when i saw hooded kkk !
they most likely were not throwing shit at them
at least that freak shows his face, unlike the other cowards
why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protesters ?
you mean members of a terrorist organization.
if you are going to debate bring facts not rhetoric.
ugh he just looks like an ass hat.
that guy is a post racist just like the naacp.
but i am sure you consider the black panthers akin to green peace right ?
i would like to have seen how tough he was walking back to his car.
down is syndrome is not a crime
i do not think he was saying they are in i believe he was just making a point.
yes indeed thank you for playing “ who is this acrony-moronic loser “ !
congrats on your tweet !
this picture is not and as of now no one has seen the kkk
. because he was not there.
i gave never heard if the black liberation army.
its a protest now a riot
oh for fucks sake seriously ?
where did i say the protesters were rioting ?
if you are bringing up the black panthers, make sure you bring up the km flux klein.
right on how do you define “ cowardly asshole “ in three letters ?
why are not the cops pointing assault rifles at these protesters ? ”
i get a bitches ... “
the mound city bar association is offering pro-bono representation to all witnesses of shooting .
the mound city bar association is offering pro-bono representation to all witnesses of shooting.
the mound city bar association is offering pro-bono representation to all witnesses of shooting. ”
what are the people going to do ?
they better supply bodyguards too.
it turns out policing is better than occupying via
hugs trump hate. talk beats tear gas.
will we now see police officers hugging through neighborhood or is this a drama for tv
turns out than occupying via ”
why oh why do the good cops always feel they have protected the bad cops ?!!! why ?
hugs are better than tear gas.
rt turns out policing is better than occupying via
it turns out policing is better than occupying via
when parenting feels like a fool is errand : on the death of michael brown :
thank you for reading it.
excellent piece. i shared on twitter and fm.
thank you for reading and sharing.
thank you for writing this. i hope many reads it.
so powerful. thank you.
thank you for reading it.
thank you for reading and sharing.
thank you for reading it.
thank you for writing and sharing
thank you. very good.
when parenting feels like a fool is errand : on the death of michael brown :
thank you for reading and caring.
: a man just advanced on police . a red laser immediately was painted on his shirt . he threw
maybe the cops are angling for a hillary endorsement. worked for israel.
is goal of cops to provoke a sufficiently bloody confrontation that it overshadows murder of ?
what are cops trying to accomplish at this point ?
i will say yes. they want to change the perception.
at the end of the day , shooting an unarmed man who is surrendering is a crime & amp ;
what you advocate for brown means you should face execution too over some minor transgression
this is no joking matter and post is in very bad taste
none that i can think of.
here ya kiddo.
do you believe everything you hear. rock on
note that still has not answered my question about due process.
my column arrest wilson arrest him now !! : :
i am so curious as to what facts could justify shooting an unarmed kid who was surrendering.
and you have all this experience shooting unarmed kids, eh ?
we have got a bad ass over here.
. ... who is they “ ?
. and you still have not told me who “ they “ are. enlighten me.
. you seem to have gotten “ poetic “ and “ vigilante “ a wee bit confused there.
they just filed a 40 million dollar lawsuit in mo. did not see that coming.
. still waiting to hear who “ they “ are.
your lack of experience makes your statement true.
funeral for big mike. do you think they will put the box of cigars in his coffin ?
when all the facts come out you will not be so smug.
. but eyewitnesses and an autopsy are not credible ? lololol go away.
we demand that police stay away from us without wearing cameras for our protection !
cameras theoretically would protect everyone rights citizen and officer
if they are truly honest cops they would welcome being recorded ! cops wear cameras now ! on
we demand that police stay away from us without wearing cameras for our protection ! ”
rt we demand that police stay away from us without wearing cameras for our protection !
we had the same here and do recommend it ... but does not happen they do as they wish
in la they were required by consent decree to wear recording devices they turned off in minority neighborhoods.
fyi cigars in cost $38 million .
congrats on your tweet !
the convenience store clerk looks pakistani.
apparently the highway patrol is the new sheriff in town
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
i wish that i could laugh at this.
i was referring to that dip shit cop. i think there are pricks everywhere my dear
sign and share time to end police militarization now !
maybe. but not violent racist pricks.
seen from all this seems surreal !! they should send seal team 6 against the police of
cigars in cost million.
you are either furious about this or protecting your entitlement . i believe it to be this simple :
i will even pack their bags and see them off !
i will personally tweet boy george to remake that bloody awful war song. and everyone gotta listen.
my tax money that they would not pay back for being lazy fucks
you are either furious about this or protecting your entitlement. i believe it to be this simple :
they are all republican that hate everyone, except upper1% & amp ; money
25 fans your tweet has been favorite by 25 people.
and i hate that song !
please what were the protesters in buddy ranch looting ?
your tweets are informative. thank-you
2nd amend is to protect people from tyrant government. should arm themselves too ! did it right.
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
they might actually get hurt in ferguson.
right now in , mo following the killing of 17-year-old
better that your eyes are open !
right now mo. sorry. i am being told this is 1963.
the illusion has been broken for me. i am so sorry i was so naive. rip
rt right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old
the cops really got a dog out there !? damn they on some jim crow is !
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old ”
ugh this article is biased as hell but :
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old 😤😤
just like the 60 is. rt : right now in, mo following the killing of 17-year-old
wait what happened can someone direct me to a reliable source ? this is so sad.
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old ”
not one officer of color
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old
get folks to slam the police stations phone line : 314-522-3100
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old ” wow !
good to know
oh the dogs. “ : right now in ,mo following the killing of 17-year-old ”
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old ” mg
rt right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old ”
they want be safe and wise.!!!
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old ” “ the mob “ sh
goes insane right now in, mo following the killing of 17-year-old ”
i absolutely agree just trying to get ac curacies for my article
right now mo following the killing of 17-year-old ”
pictures say a thousand words !
was he 17 or 18 ?
congrats on your tweet !
so police want me to believe tried to get into a police car and wrestle the officer is gun away
cop using defense 2 create reasonable doubt w did kid. lies then, lies now.
and just because says that makes it so huh ?
and just because says it, that makes it so huh ? ” looooooooool
does not sound in line with witness, but why would pd lie ? oh wait ...
the police gathered cell for evidence. bye bye videos- unless someone forwarded the “ evidence “.
when white folks start discussing how poc should respond to blatant or covert racism & amp ; oppression . -_-
your signature opening is catching on !
white on white crime anyone ? worry about those crackers shooting up schools and movie theaters.
you were bothered enough to comment tho.
does your brain comprehend or do you just spat random shit from your mouth.
mt . best tweet of the day for me .
mt. best tweet of the day for me.
mt. best tweet of the day for me. ”
this is what injustice looks like to me. thanks for sharing.
is the best tweet of the day ???? really ?
mt. best tweet of the day for me. ”
what a difference a day makes .
he was enjoying the state fair from what i heard.
agreed. and what about bob mccullough ?
example 4 n amp ; ; brute force ; suppression/ never the answer
what a difference a day makes. via
what a difference showing respect and talking to people makes.
what a difference ” not
anybody in that town have a day job ? just saying '.
there was still several shootings and 2 injured, plus property damage overnight in.
time to end police militarization now !
what a difference made by taking police out ! also there hugging ppm. where was ??
what a difference a police departments response makes !
what a difference a new police officer makes.
right now the united states has a stronger militarized force in , missouri than it does in baghdad .
is not that the truth ! it is shocking how militarized police forces have become !
who is voluntarily raising his hands in the area. that is what i do not fucking expect.
never said troops. our troops do not have gear that good.
is that a serious comment ?
but you will not correct it, because you are all popularity and pushing the right buttons.
there are between 11,000 and 16,000 pc forces in baghdad, this is a stupid sentiment.
not civil servants. my statement.
private military companies do not represent a “ militarized force “ on behalf of the us ?
and every person allowing their little buttons to be pushed by you should be ashamed.
you win. our police are acting like blithering idiots.
regarding that particular the police did not use their guns, did they ?
pretty sure any time a gun is pointed at someone it is being used.
another fake personal with no facts and attempting to generate buzz -- useless waste of time
maybe is homeland security project did not allow for accountability ?
yep. protective. right.
walking or driving while black do seem to be death penalty crimes in ferguson
what did you expect to see ? pink bunny slippers and a daisy ?
" to protect and serve " has become " to harass and shoot "
to protect and serve “ has become “ to harass and shoot “
pd justice is not here right now “. what happens when you demand justice ?
also known as life “.
punish and enslave is better.
sorry god but you have got that backwards, it “ to shoot and then harass “
to protect and serve “ has become “ to harass and shoot “”
being black in this country is dangerous business .
esp if you are a bulk boy or male ...
need i even mention the prof is race ?
i meant ... esp if you area bulk boy or man
still a dangerous sadly.
so true. but it just should not be so ! wtf ?
being black in this country is dangerous business.
nope that is ridiculous.
this is the implementation strategy 2 incite a race war 2 initiate a.
favorites out of frustration *
we have a serious and ongoing police vs young black men problem in america that reminds me we have not
congrats on your tweet !
has lit up lately ... i thought shooting was a very last resort
newfound appreciation for you and your courage.
or young black men vs police/authority depending on the perspective
gangster rap attitude vs. duck dynasty redneck attitude. both are losers.
88-year-old creola mccalister has joined the youth in
of the population commit 50% of the murders nationally according to holder is fbi.
yes ma'am! creole mccalister has joined the youth in ”
when are blacks going to start caring about blacks killing blacks ?
bless her heart amp ; god keep her.
grandma out there too. she knows !
i must have missed the riots and looting over newton. get a brain dude.
our elders
yes ma'am rt creole mccalister has joined the youth in
this way works mt : 88-year-old creole mccalister has joined the youth in ”
blacks commit the majority of homicides in the united states.
rt creole has joined the youth in
white people can not be victims of racism so ...
rt creole mccalister has joined the youth in
creole has joined the youth in ”
what about just do not think blacks will go for that.
creole has joined the youth in ”
and that is just
88 year old protector. bless. her. heart.
creole has joined the youth in
bless with her oxygen tank and all !
creole has joined the youth in ” bless
when are people going to start caring about everyone killed in the us ?
creole has joined the youth in ”
creole has joined the youth in ” dope !! 🙏😇
mt creole has joined the youth in
obviously you are an excellent arbiter of what constitutes racism.
much love creole you inspire !
the cops will take away his oxygen.
blacks do not do that as well ?
i asked ron johnson why cops are not wearing name tags :
my friend but good job being a badger about this important issue !
do you have his name now ? the one that arrested you ?
i asked why cops are not wearing name tags :
so was it pd or county pd ? you realize those are different departments
his fucking response is exactly why police officers are required by law to wear their badges : responsibility.
yeah i am sure identity theft is there the biggest problem
at quik trip in this lady has set up table people to vote .
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
at quick trip in this lady has set up table people to vote. ” dope
yes. that clearly is what is needed.
this is what i am talking about. vote !!!!
at quick trip in this lady has set up table people to vote. ”
at quick trip in this lady has set up table people to vote.
amen at quick trip in this lady has set up table people to vote. ”
awesome rt at quick trip in this lady has set up table people to vote.
that is exactly what is needed in the leaders will not change, then change the leaders.
that is thanks for posting.
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
if you dont stand for something🚶👏🙏✊ youll fall for anything 🏃 🔫👮
not but that sounds tight
if you do not stand for something🚶👏🙏✊ youyou youlwill llr anything 🏃 🔫👮 ”
if you do not stand for something🚶👏🙏✊ youyou youlwill llr anything 🏃 🔫👮 ” ❗️❗️
if you do not stand for something🚶👏🙏✊ youyou youlwill llr anything 🏃 🔫👮 ”
be careful over there things seem to only be getting crazier.
if you do not stand for something, you will fall for anything. a1-100% real !!!
if you do not stand for something🚶👏🙏✊ youyou youlwill llr anything 🏃 🔫👮 ”
police still at one end of w . florissant , protesters now at greater st. mark church . p/v
take video and post it - we will rt you
like i can not go nowhere
would pay a to see a car drive down that road at 100mph
aka heavily armed police fight for the right to use excessive force at will.
police still at one end of w. florissant, protesters now at greater st. mark church. p/v
if this was from somewhere in the middle east the us would be arming the people being pressed
looks like they are waiting for the avengers climax sorry to disappoint, boys, just your black neighbors
be sure the citizens with rise.
just got home. cant believe police are still blocking streets. thought that was just for night
this is all so disturbing something needs to be done but it aint riots . peaceful acts . we have
here is all the proof u need regarding pigs and please rt
can you imagine having your business there ? is it the business owner is fault ?
you talk about community own businesses. they did not harm any local businesses
agree can not stop violence with violence
but how is anyone to know that when like is being arrested for taking pictures ?
apparently national news takes weeks to get to hollywood.
rt . : a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
fuck those in blue !
rt. a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in ” outrageous
what the fuck country is this.
rt. a massive swat team just showed up to peaceful demonstration in
these moos think they going to war. smh ...
new cops wear blue not camo , mingle and talk to protesters with respect -- and suddenly there is calm
is now involved in the investigation of the police during the protests.
st patrol was pulled in on thursday after the mess the county made on wednesday night.
yes and no. was pulled at the request of the missouri attorney general on monday
the cops took off the came that forced citizens to riot and burn down stores.
as soon as says federal investigation “ attitudes changed * real * quick.
it is almost as if the marginally extra bit of energy required is worth not gassing residents.
well the federal investigation was already starting. gov nixon put control into the hands of mo highway patrol
though i see now that the fbi is also investigating civil rights violations
from police treat people with respect, and the mood changes in ferguson. via
and i really hope it flows out. there is no reason for the police to be militarized
and there is a lot of abuse of power happening in the country right now.
full * redacted * police report on and
we saw what we saw let do them, detroit stealing water/can air all way2bank
this is what they are showing.
highway patrol just train to spew they propaganda to put people back where they can control them again
full redacted * police report on and ”
why have not you released information about the police ? it is very hard to trust anonymous.
the police car was from 1962 apparently and had no dash cam
yeah. apparently. now he is a & amp ; a.
most likely the will have to be canceled
innocent people rob convenience stores ? weird
redacted a tried and trued method used in the injustice system … god bless the hackers !!!
ya gotta be kidding me ! that is it ?
full redacted police report on and
full redacted * police report on and ”
exactly newton they want to say he was trying to arrest him for robbery sh
i thought you announced it was somebody else ? what happened ?
all the interviews i have seen said there was not cameras installed but i may be wrong
tell me more about that tillman guy. lol
that is what the eye witness walking with brown said.
the entire report was redacted ?
tell that to dial lo.
i heard the dude in the store had sanders but brown died with sneakers on
full redacted * police report on and ”
jammers used again . both livestreams went down again , looks like police is trying to hide something .
keeps going down what is the other stream ?
is there any defense against hammers that citizen journalists can use ?
ya think pd cowards - killers and liars.
he was treated at a hospital- they are looking in the wrong places
deserves to have these pictures circulating . contribute to the movement
deserves to have these pictures circulating. contribute to ...
congrats on your tweet !
congrats on your tweet !
perfect lady spread the word ppm need to boycott usa today for pic they used
if you get the chance, sign this petition to help us stop police brutality.
deserves to have these pictures circulating. contribute to the movement
deserves these pictures circulating. contribute 2 the movement ”
deserves to have these pictures circulating. contribute to the movement ”
freaky than ft due d'on, m by thereal_c4 on
so i hope him and his family get justice !! thoughts from canada
he especially looks dangerous in that lactate polo shirt ...
please say this not for tweets
true. i totally agree.
deserves to have these pictures circulating. ””
the u.s. record on racial discrimination is on the whole world is agenda
fuck you n the
record on discrimination is on the whole world is agenda
the record on racial discrimination is on the whole world is agenda
remembering our friend robin williams , updates on and
show up pd to express intent to sue re. violation of 1st amend.
no , this is not iraq or gaza or syria . this is the united states of america . (
yep this is the newly militarized police state in america ! take back war equipment from local cops
in the past that was the press ...
there is simply not one reason why they should have it. and it is being distributed everywhere.
is pushing but i am ok with body armor - those have guns.
is stroking his 9 iron.
no money for a dash cam on the squad car ?
in the usa , if a cop says something , it automatically becomes fact . by law media must report
... we love us some cops, loooooong time.
not just the ones u feel like following or hiding behind.
so you do not lose credibility when you report incorrect facts ? we will stop there then.
of course you will b dead after 1day of opening ur disrespectful liberal mouth.
which is exactly why things like anon exist, who will fact check anon ?
you must live in a real shit hole cause i do not believe anything the police w/o verification
bullshit. everyone makes mistakes. it is how you handle em.
you make zero sense and sound dumb making such comments
you are basically saying if 1 media outlet reports something then every media outlet is responsible
you know its impossible for police to lie or do anything wrong in general
you can not be the truth seekers when you report false information, period.
you came at me for criticizing media swallowing horse shit cop story.
immediately corrected by multiple major anon accounts. no one complaining about account suspension.
read this and stop being such an egg
which tells me you do not understand what anonymous is, so again
can you cite this statute ?
no one said that. but keep regurgitating the shit you swallow.
not all. though that particular anon has little and had little.
i hope that is but we do have lots of asinine laws !
follow now if you want to follow the story about the unarmed teenager who was killed by the police .
and heating work for affordable pricing
....... should come through ....... this her hood too !
i want to follow a story about black people being seen as human. we need a change
thank you for being in the fight for justice for our young black boys !
just heard a caller on hot 104. 1 talk about what allegedly happened.
just heard a caller on hot 104. 1 just talk about what allegedly happened.
why do i feel like this is dena eu ?
check out my sound cloud. link in my bio
uncle rash this is so sad how many unarmed teenage they will be killed
what do , , and have in common ? all were triggered by the over-supply of us arms .
wow. are more than 1000 results '
well they are still first at something ...
what and have in common ? all were triggered by the over-supply of us arms.
do not you have leaks about ?
how about all the us made military grade weapons ending up in mexico and latin america ?
maybe. doubtful. and do not forget
what does leaks and isis have in common ? they are both run by misogynists
amp hypocritical us culture rt : ...,, ... over-supply of us arms
" we are being forced to leave . " " with guns to our face . "
we are being forced to leave. “” with guns to our face. “”
we are being forced to leave. “” with guns to our face. “”
wow police armed to the teeth
this is a better stream. its the same guy
i thought cops abusing guns is what started this.
perfect thank you for all that you do !
we are being forced to leave. “” with guns to our face. “
more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death .
seeing his family : more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death .”
more video surfacing early after-moments of is death.
wow more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death. ”
time to end the militarization of our police force ! please sign and share ! …
everyone must watch more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death. ”
more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death. ” chilling
more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death. ” 😔
i was wrong about bottom apt. it was girl across street on top balcony
it is a damned world full of damned people
rt more video surfacing early after-moments of is death.
more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death. ” wow that is unreal
this is on tape in ???? thats his body ??? they left it there for hours ???
his poor family watched him lay there for how long ? wtf shit ai not right
that they did. police nor chad 4 a pulse. ever
this made me tear up. “ : more video surfacing - early after-moments of is death. ”
darren wilson murdered an unarmed teen left his body in the street for 4 hrs anything else is irrelevant .
then stuffed him in the back of a suv
left his body in the street for hours. as correctly points out, everything else is irrelevant.
can we release a photo ?
an unarmed teen left his body in the street for 4 hrs anything else is irrelevant.
initial reason ... he came back, remember ?
mike was not going to be arrested for the felony robbery and assault he had just committed
it is a tactic lawyers used to present reasonable doubt
the reports on -
the reports on - ”
. of course they were. they do not want to see us as humans.
add a year to his age now he is an 18 year old man
looks like
rt the reports on -
this continues. spoke on a similar vein about decision making. misunderstandings can lead to death.
this photo. rt : the reports on - ”
this photo. rt the reports on -
social dominance is a nightmare ! “ : the reports on - ”
yeah i read all that. they were assassinating his character as fast as possible
the police. they said he did not steal anything
so painful ... there are no words.
cc the reports on - ”
white man with gun * goes * to target . black kid without gun * is * the target .
what happen i am out the loop ????
can i use this amazingly poignant tweet for my article ?
this guy is as sharp as a tapered turd.
the ethnic war is started in the us white killing black
very eager to hear why chief tom jackson did not tell new man in charge , capt . johnson ,
and why are not you asking gov nixon why he broke state law usurping local police authority ?
because it is a lie and any good cop would see that
at what point will police video be asked for ?
jay broke state law and illegally took over ferguson. .
incompetence or an attempt to undermine are my leading contenders.
they r sloppy and not use 2 being cohesive. where is the coroner is report.
they r amp ; not use 2 being cohesive.
captain johnson : " you are going to see a bunch of smiles , a bunch of hugs , and
date on cam do not match up
why precisely should people be smiling right now ?
great job brat ha keep us in the loop
hugs will not bring back. how about a bunch community empowerment via police officers from the neighborhood ?
are things really changing is police occupation ending ? are they apologizing ?
stretching out my asshole for all this sunshine
he should guard his enthusiasm. a new wave of anger is building over these press conferences.
b may get judas hug jesus before he was hung !
that is clearly wrong. : (
more coverage from europe -
what is name of murder cop ?! “ : more coverage from europe - ”
more coverage from europe - ”
great headline. take notice. « more coverage from europe - ...
america : where an unarmed black teen gunned to death by the cops is not seen as a victim ,
what white person on a shooting spree has ever been seen as a victim ?
to kill a defenseless individual is the peak of, & amp ; inhumanity one can imagine
a white guy on a spree is just damaged. we are considered a threat and menace to society
total crap .... stop puking your lies
way to speak for the voiceless.
when will the color of your skin be meaningless in ? . y & amp ;
yes we must use social media to hold our bought in paid media.
for what its this white guy thinks its horrendous.
this is not a " black " loss . this is a loss for america , and everyone should be
unfortunately many people including will try to justify this and blame the victim
true. still our hearts are broken.
not it is definitely a black loss.
armed gunmen shoot local man as part of their reign of terror in iraq . oops ! nope , that
thank taxi enjoy your day, sweetheart !
was occupation a training mission all along ?
. check out this pix of militarized police approaching a citizen
armed to better than the army compliments of obama.
police officer is tried and convicted in the court of public opinion prior to actual investigation.
police were on combat operations. what did you expect ?
again , please do not go to * unless * you want your ip logged . ( big props to
tor is gov. funded and developed ?
just a question if someone clicked the second link what would happen ?
can u please tell me what that means.
what about that is the site i saw
what i do not even remember what country i am in anymore.
. they are just going to catch kids. skiddies. this is sad.
whats the second link for ?
it shows the in is being logged. do not click, check out this time line
full statement from feds on civil rights investigation in death of
i agree with u !!!!!!!!!!!
it is what if figure is any state law ! this is too literature
have a link to the whole thing ?
full statement from feds on civil rights investigation in death of
exactly girl ....... i know exactly what you saying'!!!!!
, left , is gunned down for wwb ( walking while black ) , but guy on the right can
is that what the guy on right was doing - why are people taking pictures ??
john in walmart) , eric garner .... it is just ridiculous now !
the man on the right is trying to defend your freedom in his own way, too.
it is not public land ... it was his land for decades ... the government just took it.
do not know why they were able to photograph. glad they did though.
amp scale pay attention ! and it remains a major problem all over the us !
more than 100 volunteers out cleaning up
this needs more airtime in the media !
i hope the pigs do not kill the black kids for cleaning.!!!
more than 100 volunteers out cleaning up ” my friends
bet the news will not talk about it though.
this is my hope as well. being young and black in america is scary these days ...
more than 100 volunteers out cleaning up “ what fucking looters ?
more than 100 volunteers out cleaning up ” nice
sad is not it thank you for the follow ! i will reciprocate ! i am also
i am surprised the cops are not there shooting them with rubber bullets !
where are you guys i want to help
this is what some do not want us to see. unity !
thank you peace and blessings. be safe ! 👏👏👏🙏
job if only they could clean up the police department.
more than 100 volunteers out cleaning up ” nice ”
oh cool. i am glad you did ! sorry for being mistaken.
some people are taking some advanced classes and acing them. a+++++++++++ & lt
i am a staff photographer with the st. louis post-dispatch. we covered it.
a great grandmother in came out & amp ; stood with the young for . this is our city .
seeing her ink it kinds sparked something in me, like it was just really moving ya know
i was told i did not see any. that is good. restores faith
thank you mama so many do not have the courage.
real solidarity infinite kudos to this brave lady !
if i lived there i would be protesting, did see some white folks in the crowd though.
let is hope the pd will not pepper spray her like they did is who was supporting
it was moving to say the least. she fought injustice in the middle two-way traffic.
what a sad summer ... but seeing that woman stand proud was refreshing.
god bless her ! “ -amen to that 💜💛😇😁 just amazing . b. u.aubeautiful.
it took courage and perseverance ! yes, a no thank you ' is definitely in order !
too busy about looting, “ probably. anything to rationalize injustice.
the crowd followed her protected her in traffic while she inspired us all.
my column an execution in ferguson :
a lifelong fighter. her presence was very powerful.
a few white folks *
they would be shot or beat down ? maybe that is why ? maybe ?
police started arresting ppl , ordering everyone to disperse . i saw no violence from protesters .
then why were they arrested ? they cannot infringe on one is right to assemble !
what were they arrested for then ?
democracy is so overrated in the states.
what happened to protesting peacefully !!!!
public spaces and civil liberties.
this is really pathetic .... arresting ppm 4 what ?? peaceful protest. .
police started arresting ordering everyone to disperse. i saw no violence from protesters.
looking at the uniforms ... were poncherello or baker in attendance ?
about take back the streets from thugs
times square right now for
they do not care. they have their big money donors
i hope its starting ... at then end we need from. i actually made calls
i am feeling something i have not felt for this nation in a long time. pride.
love it times square right now for ”
this was policed shooting someone. who killed your rabbi ?
rt love it : times square right now for ”
times square right now for ” beautiful
times square right now for ” yeah america !! stand the fuck up !!
not there yet. your reps need to back us. so far. crickets
who cares who the shot our fellow rabbi. who cares who destroyed and punished innocent ppm
yes we must hold them accountable or we will not get
they still need to hear from average citizens who care about this country
wow. teary. that is awesome.
its a nervous proud “ but i have it too ...
brown they want it to be a white/black thing but it is a human thing
i love seeing all standing together ! it is starting !
i am crying here. i can not believe americans are standing up.
my fellow rabbi was murdered by sonsofobama last sat. no riots, no looting
our reps need to understand they represent the population. not lobbyists. need to keep working
why is this not transmitted by mm ? i know why ... just putting it out there.
i know we have to hold accountable.
times square right now for ”
breaking news : racism is over . rt important new image in via .
breaking news : racism is over. rt important new image in via. ”
breaking news racism is over. rt important new image in via. ” bull
is why we need civilian review boards . anger , frustration & amp ; potential violence comes when ppl lack
this is an excellent idea .... should be on the nfc agenda.
what we need are cops that do not hate the people they are policing
lashing out i am confused what about the facts dis you take as lashing ?
anyone who is in a city where blacks are being murder by civil servants is in real time.
that is closer that
is an alderman so his tweets are based on intimate knowledge of the community
not to diminish other aa is feelings ; just to ensure you know, is actually present in
when the review comprises political flunkies does not help. nyc has one
not applicable to the statements made. one stated a need the other stated a need.
and mine are based on being
you are doing a great job covering this case.
he suggests it would restore faith. it will not restore faith.
since to are so close to staten island i pray u will in attendance for the eric garner protest
which is also not hypothetical and in real time. august 23 1:00 pm
did not say it would e easy, just said it should be put in place.
his presence was never called into question.
my point speaks about what is actually doing/ considering. it is not hypothetical
i am 8 hours from new york city
will there be a live stream of the press conference ?
i think will be streaming it at 10:00 at
rt i think will be streaming it at 10:00 at
valid just is living & amp ; breathing along with in real-time
prayers for .
prayers for.
buy followers for only $50
prayers for. prayers for family
prayers for.
even in afghanistan we never pointed our rifles at civilians there is something seriously wrong with the police in
i agree with this is perfect context.
none taken are everywhere even in our own military
much different situation. try to keep it in context.
i was only referring to my unit which i know for a fact is true
no offense. and thank you for your service.
just saying that is not a great comparison to make.
the police look more like an occupying force than police i am in context
i am not re writing history non of the soldiers i was around did
u did not but i bet some of us is tricked soldiers did
i call the police in domestic terrorists !! they want 2instill fear camp ; terror in us civilians !
or the tweet could have started this way : “ even on the clive buddy ranch ... “
it is nice to see officers with name tags on from missouri state highway patrol . cops still not wearing
what is that over the pocket on the left ?
try some facial recognition software.
see if he gets in a patrol car and write down the number
nothing surprising in the show me your hands state “
how very separatists of ferguson pd.
will any of his tell you ? that is cowardly.
doesn’t his shield have a badge number on it ?
handsome fellow. so pleasant looking. does not look like a jackass at all.
the smoke and and cover up continues.
captain johnson : " what happened last night is what is going to happen here forward . "
captain what happened last night is what is going to happen here forward. “
are you able to ask questions ?
was mike brown wearing shoes or flip-flops when shot ?
rumors indicate baptist church is on their way. only twitter rumors, but preparation may be necessary
have they made any arrest. please ask that
after shooting , nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll
has there been justice in america ... “ history tells us otherwise “.
yes. we have written off justice.
what is happening i do not understand, can somebodies explain for me please ? !
i c a red an on his shirt low too much shoppe low
social contract stolen. mt after, half of us doesn’t believe in justice
after nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll ”
after nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll
half oh lets be realistic 90% of america
it is not money it is color of your skin. i hate to say ....
very sad that we did not get this data from an american media outlet.
we do not care about justice. we have freedom ! murrica !
after nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll ”
well its good to believe in justice. americas do not have justice. there is a difference.
revolt after shooting, nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice ”
they are killing the true hebrews israelite been blacks.
is coming to us, plus do not request him to become your president.
after nearly half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll
some say the game is all corrupted
chicken are home to roost.
the other half is deluded or rich 1% scum who do get “ justice “ as a perk.
what do you expect nothin no gonna change.
rt after shooting nearly half of americans tnt believe in justice – poll
we believe in we just do not think it happens much in our current system.
after half of americans don’t believe in justice – poll “ low
you know things are out of control in when people in are tweeting advice on how to cope
all the while not a peep from the major media on the slaughter of christians and non-muslims in mideast
you know things are out of control in when people in are tweeting advice on how to cope
also that gains are getting better news coverage on ferguson than most americans.
" you a reporter , big boy ? see . they are treating you like they do us . "
thank you for reporting and keeping us informed .... please be careful !!!
just glad you are safe.
things getting tense at protest in right now :
getting yes. that is what it is turning in to
i was just wondering whether these white folks had ever heard of general custer ?
show up pd to express intent to sue re. violation of 1st amend.
sad old back to the bad old day s
things getting tense at protest in right now : ”
are the police issuing disperse orders ? why is that gun trained on these people ?
rt things getting tense at protest in right now :
when will we stop preaching peace and do something.
reproductive justice must include the right not to live in constant fear that a cop will kill your child .
wow ... that is a reach.
it fucking is not.
a mother lost her child . a father lost his son . a young man lost his life .
a criminal scumbag lost his life.
everybody in the community knows he was not a thug. “
bullshit the store owner got manhandled by. deny that or not it still happened.
. it is possible that there were multiple wrongs here, of course.
was he executed i have not seen an investigation report yet.
except he did not do that
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
and the world lost a criminal ....
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
people like you are a threat to society
all caps response nut job
how it feels to be a black man in america “
sign and share co-sponsor “ stop militarizing law enforcement act “ by rep. hank johnson ga
you forgot to mention the part where he robbed a store and manhandled the store clerk.
and a community lost a violent rampaging hostile resident
a mother lost her child. a father lost his son. a young man lost his life.
i have !! . !!!
people like you barely escaped retardation.
come on. would this little fella grab for a cop is gun ?
thank you for noting the most important part of this tragedy. prayers for the family.
and yes this was a tragedy. nobody deserves to die for cigars
good thing that did nothing wrong. why did he attach the store clerk ?
breaking - is police chief has announced darren wilson as the cop who shot and killed .
follow me. ill follow back asap. (not spam) !
what was the stuff about ? thought he was identified ...?
breaking is police chief has announced darren wilson as the cop who shot and killed.
how did suburban cops in get weapons of war ? get the facts on the 1033 program :
how did suburban cops in get weapons of war ? get the facts on the 1033 program :
administration gave them to him
straight from your employer president obama. open your eyes. look at his arming too.
should not they be down at the border w/all that firepower policing the us/mexico border ?
you are a fool. the second amendment was made for this moment. for the ppm of.
these came from your buddy obama. read.
big government at its best “ : how did suburban cops in get weapons of war ? : ”
you reap what you sow in life- brown report
flash brown suspected of ‘ strong arm ’ robbery ; cop named
somebody should set up links so every1 can e-mail their rep/senator about defending/repealing 1033 programs, rethinking c.o.p.s.
someone remind me what year it is again . cops shoot unarmed young man then bring the dogs out to
what we have tried so far, sadly, the evidence is : it has not worked.!!!!!!
in pinpoint details why we have not been able to solve some seemingly intractable problems. everything starts with
the theoretical is not aligning with the practical.
i did not know the fuck he was talking about. i clocked smooth out.
and yet the picture was worth 1000 of the words you could not find.
i understand you are a neuroscientist. are you also an american ?
if they start attacking the crowd, i would guess 1886
i am talking about practical applied behavioral neuroscience, not from me.
a proper understanding of the human brain is a prerequisite to live a successful live. .
we can stop appointing police chiefs are not impartial
i can not stop laughing.
sometimes education is a poor substitute for lived experience.
the denial of racism is simply a type of blindness, and an unwillingness to acknowledge the truth.
he must be in class.
cant wait till all the old white ppm in govt die off, younger generation will do much better
white knew these things about 1000 yrs ago. good night !
the cops are nothing but a bunch of high school jocks who never made it
i hope that i am qualified enough. thank you
some think that to sustain, maintain a safe community, given the complicated historical past.
i just. walks off *
confirmed : this is irrelevant . rt : confirmed : had no criminal record .
what about the executioners record and job history ?
yes as if the breath in his lungs was not confirmed the right of due process !
confirmed this is irrelevant. rt : confirmed : had no criminal record. “
confirmed this is irrelevant. rt : confirmed : had no criminal record.
still guys.
did not know they could do those on the fly and get results in 2 seconds
show up pd to express intent to sue re. violation of 1st amend.
confirmed this is irrelevant. rt : confirmed : had no criminal record. ”
confirmed this is irrelevant. rt : confirmed : had no criminal record. ”
trust me the police department would make it relevant if did have a record.
that s freedom way !!! his problem is : he is not white
congrats on your tweet !
confirmed this is irrelevant. rt : confirmed : had no criminal record.
whether or not he had a criminal record, what happened is still completely disgusting and insane.
confirmed this is irrelevant. rt : confirmed : had no criminal record. ”
i modified the tweet the initial one had the picture of mike on the street
all police officers in america should immediately be equipped with body cameras
i am with you. the cops need the cameras to stop bogus claims of abuse
if they do i am beginning to think citizens should wear them.
these cameras are a good thing for the cops as well. they cut down on false accusations.
yes would love if there was video of the policeman protecting himself
all police officers in should immediately be equipped with body cameras
great ideal + goober : absolutely not sgt ; violates rights of criminals (likes)
military-style police in overwhelming show of force : 3 apcs , ~ 100 officers , high-powered rifles
police in overwhelming show of force : 3 pcs, ~ 100 officers, high-powered rifles
i see cops who look like the army. that is not a society at ease with itself.
zero threat. the only weapon i see raised is a paintball gun with cs pellets.
police 3 pcs, ~ 100 officers, high-powered rifles ” this is insane
. thank goodness a white guy is here to tell black people they are in no danger.
police in overwhelming show of force : 3 pcs, ~ 100 officers, high-powered rifles
i really hope and his staff see this and respond. this is absolutely unacceptable in america.
just saddens me that this was taken in america.
this is sigh.
mt : military-style police in overwhelming show of force : ”
. 223 is are far from high-powered. at least the correct terminology.
they have been keeping the media out of ferguson with military like zeal ... just crazy.
son ... that is equipment ... for a peaceful protest
is this is america ? i do not understand what is happening in.
what a powerful picture. says so much.
do they think they are in afghanistan ? they are threatening the us citizens who pay their salaries !
i think some people just have had enough.
no the message is “ protest is fine - rioting and force will be met with force “
anybody complaining about the police response.
looks like all white police force
anyone views it as disproportionate who does not know you are alive ? uh-huh.
. this is insane. how has our country fallen so low ?
there should be blame and shame here .
i want to know who the fat cop in the picture is.
25 fans your tweet has been favorite by 25 people.
is more so i like the balance i get from the2 ...
there should be blame and shame here.
joy 2 make sure my last tweet made sense to you r jehovah witness correct ?
bro random has mentioned of the anointed (cont would
thinking about it now it just stirs me up camp ; sets me on fire2do more good work4jehovah god
50 fans your tweet has been favorite by 50 people.
it is been bought to my attention when minorities commit crimes more news attention,
i have always thought this ! everyone should rt this a lot !!!
the media have blood on their hands as well.
we are fortunate as bible says we have these gifts and men at our disposal to appreciate ...
by rt there should be blame and shame here. ”
is evil. here is the worst of it as it permeates2the kids
went to convention last weekend. member of anointed gave couple talks. word came alive 4me
brings it with strength which i appreciate camp ; has the experience that makes him that way
there should be blame and shame here. ”
but that can b good thing = depending which way we r looking = then all nonsense will finish
inculcated in minds of people by system/media. remember wrong2b black king jr days camp ; still inlay
and bro do i can recommend only on that page of links i just sent you
its even worse that prey is black, but waiting for religion will be under attack
i saw that show it made me cry
the civil rights act is 50 years old . these two pictures were taken 50 years apart . behold our
but look how respectable we looked back then !!!! /sarcasm
the change i see is that the police uses more protection devices now.
... increasing your arms when faced with an armed opposition is an arms race.
i do not understand what the cops “ being paramilitary “ has to do with this.
tell it to the folks walking around waco with ak47s.
for everyone claiming is not about race : check your privilege.
colorblindness contributes to racism.
the progress is that in both pictures the public opinion is against the people on the left.
the police are paramilitary. how is that an arms race ?
here’s to hoping what’s happening in stl right now doesn’t get worse . hashtag not looking good right now .
a young man was murdered. what is worse than that ?
. you think the problem in is that a grieving father made a placard ?
wake up . whenever a black man is killed by police , they try to make him a saint/martyr .
you guys are funny ... two crazy genocidal europeans
so sick of the goddamn double standard !!!!!!!!!!!! ” * god damned
. you have no idea what is in his juvenile record. i bet it is an eyeopener.
need to hang their civil rights dick on something other than thugs. what morons !
wrong. that is why rayon is now trayvoff.
i forgot. did the white community riot, loot, and protest when that happened ?
does that mean you are going to kill yourself ? the world needs that from you, cunt
. you are hopeless. carry on, then.
. general all around trouble makers. capisce ?
then you also ignore what does not fit your agenda. ok
want to discuss in person ? instead of being a computer ?
so sick of the goddamn double standard !!!!!!!!!!!!
oh ... jihad rt : so sick of the goddamn double standard !!!!!!!!!!!! ”
he hates bulk ppm so when this happens he is good with the govt.
and what about the guy in st beat with a stolen hammer, no riots there.
. nobody moves she is dropped her brain.
so yes. they will say this one was raising money for poor fat dying diabetic kids or whatever
. juvenile records are sealed. his actions support his thuggery.
you nailed him you should write on the daily show, cunt
not the guy in with cigarettes. that was completely wrong and due to liberal love of taxes
sorry to go back to rayon but did anyone else notice plastic scissors in pocket contents hmm.
bothers you that this murder is not being swept under the rug, good.
back up your how about you show me is criminal record
this puts it all in perspective .
this puts it all in perspective. ” seriously
wow. just pecking wow.
this puts it all in perspective. ” oh my ...
this puts it all in perspective.
palestinians in /west bank have been showing support for .
this in /west bank have been showing support for. ”
you are trolling hard rt : palestinians in /west bank have been showing support for.
in bank have been showing support for. ”
my respect just went up over 9000 !!!
my heart goes out to them. ❤️
in bank have been showing support for.
mt in bank show support for
" do not shoot ! do not shoot ! "
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ mike brown.
do not shoot do not shoot ! “
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” i am start down this hahn
do not shoot ! do not shoot ! “ ” rip mike brown
the whistleblower said the pd told the black officers , " oh , not you ... you are the good
wow. the fact that he felt the need to tell them that speaks volumes.
captain johnson : " this is our opportunity to show that you can trust ( police ) . "
that is nice but ... no we can not
captain this is our opportunity to show that you can trust (police) . “
we can only trust “ ourselves. hard to trust someone with a gun and an agenda
no you can never trust police
and he said that shit with a straight face, too. do not trust the police
by releasing information about the vic and nothing about the executioner ?
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
will our own neighbors shoot with deadly force ? its time for federal assistance.
us tactical forces intervening on mt. sinjar ! oops ! i mean cops in ! via
looks like one of this buddy ranch thugs.
is that really swat or is it other agencies velcro badges apply easily
so they intend to machine gun peacefully protesting civilians ? who is in control here ? insanity
this is not the kind of policing we want or need in america.
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
all this shit for a non violent protest. « the swat team has ...
the swat team has weapons drawn in at a protest in broad daylight with media attending
captain johnson says police did not consult with him before they released the name of . he wishes they did
do not they wife in missouri ? bullhorn ? carrier pigeons ? smoke signals ?. smh
they are gonna wish they did too.
the blacks “
in my effort to be pc it is all i could come up with.
the reaction of the officer when asked if it was darren ferguson made it a moot point.
but where is right now ?
so is he there just as a figurehead empowered only with enough authority to quell the blacks ?
of course not because police doing everything to undermine progress. their agenda is crystal clear !
they plotting that the whole time.
and since when do get consulted before the police reveal their names ?
rt : swat police just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id ( via ...
seriously this is out if control
rt swat police just entered a mcdonald is in and started asking journalists for id (via ...
as all eyes r on the police murder of in , 3 more unarmed americans killed by police in la
sad. do you have any names/info ?!
what are the people going to do ?
a young woman right before she was arrested because she would not move ...
a young woman right before she was arrested because she would not move ...
does anyone have her info ? i would like to help
rt a young woman right before she was arrested because she would not move ...
is that a lead on top of the tank also ?
trayvon martin . jordan davis . renisha mcbride . mike brown . our streets are stained with the blood of
especially in where is the outrage ?
not even the same thing. thanks for trying to excuse murder, real american you are !
absolutely the faith lives !
yeah and over are due to their same race. but let is focus on the 2% 😂😂😂😂
all these names from the last couple of years.
fortunately declared racism dead in america, so problem solved.
it is just heartbreaking man.
i am just saying it can happen to anyone
ok , america , this is when we are tested . can you sustain yr interest in the killing of
if the cop gets away with this, anyone is fair game.
it makes zero freaking difference.
he was someone is cherished and loved. that is more than enough to care.
a box a cigarillos ' ai not worth ur life all part of the demonize the victim plot
since when is shooting a thief a justification to riot and loot ...
trust the protest will lose some fervor.
let me the solution is bigger government ?
is what the counts on for us.
i and i will.
. students stand in solidarity with & amp ; the community .
would it be racist for me to refer to not hiring these people as a “ blacklist ? “
based on our current it has not been for sometime.
i guess due process is no longer taught at -- likely tossed out along with constitutional law.
truth does not seem to matter much these days !
one would think they would know better than to jump to conclusions and accept hearsay as fact.
how about law stands 4 due process. ~ :. students stand in solidarity with …
studying to be lawyers and you have made the fundamental error ~ judging with emotion not facts !
let is end police brutality. buy shirt at
so not so much law “ as skin color. gotcha.
it will not matter. people already know (were told) the no truth '.
future lawyers jump to conclusions “
mt students stand in solidarity with & amp ;. ”
it is about agendas.
that would be fantastic and important.
violated of and shot unarmed suspect.
wow even before all facts are out ?
there should be a thorough investigation not a racial riot it is time to enforce the law
rt students stand in solidarity with & amp ; the community.
people have already been ' imprinted ' with the no truth '.
students stand in solidarity with & amp ; the community
good one. rt
so is this the future of the taking position without looking at all the facts first ? matters.
we must listen to the children ! hope many more colleges & amp ; universities join in !
students stand in solidarity i could join y'all but i am not that smart🙈😰
you want a real education ? watch how misinformation cascade implodes in real time.
dumbest part their own his degree. rt they are gonna be piss-poor lawyers
. students stand in solidarity with & amp ; the community.
to really make a difference go to volunteer council services2poor arrested
i share my anger. will you study this case ?
rt : the sad truth rt : this would help tremendously .
too late for needed all over amerikkka.
rt the sad truth rt : this would help tremendously .”
rt the sad truth rt : this would help tremendously. ”
rt the sad truth rt : this would help tremendously.
cops need them. have many
police move in , telling people move or be arrested . people asking " what for ? " " just
protest in the middle of the road/thoroughfares all the time ... so that is not it.
if the police tell you to “ move “, then move. pretty simple.
if any gathering is illegal it is the military occupation force in
protest is now illegal in the us - otherwise this would have been defused, not escalating
yes ... these are the (non) freedoms they are “ protecting “
their on the god damn road, jesus people are stupid
the land of the free ? who turned it in a police state ?
been shot by a black officer, you think we would still see the same reaction ?
breaking : armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery east of paris
breaking armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery east of paris ”
bots will conquest all the world.
breaking armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery east of paris ”
cell phones are useful used to record how you talk to your kids then play back
crazy parents think they are making future for their sons and daughters just listen to yourselves
when soviet union collapsed the russian army was welcomed in the republics because they were there to protect
just stop enough all you groupies with guns, abusive parents, kids who hurt other kids stop
rt breaking armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery east of paris
the mighty incomparable army with tanks in squares to protect and spread peace
killers dead , confirmed by gendarmerie .
i am glad it is over, but sad they could not have been slammed up for life.
not really great news martyrdom is what they wanted. should have rotted in jail.
yes maybe better but others will see that martyrdom does not follow.
rt killers confirmed by gendarmerie.
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
top french cartoonists charb , cabu , wolinski , tignous confirmed among dead in attack . editor is critically wounded
unbelievably heartbreaking rt top cartoonists chart, cab, polanski, igneous confirmed dead in attack.
tragic incident. how such attack can happen in the most civilized part of the world. shocked.
where is nelson from the simpsons when u need him !
this is sad day in a sadder world, may they rest in peace.
police have surrounded the area where the attack suspects are believed to be :
rt police have surrounded the area where the attack suspects are believed to be :
are you in the town ?
why have these guys come out “ guns a blazing “ ? cowardice displayed at the end ?
former white house official says paris shooting was false flag
this is all happening 6 miles from me right now 😓
where is your next destination ? (glad you are not a hostage. )
video no blood no recoil + nobody movement = fake
photo : armed gunmen face police officers near hq in paris
who them epstein also in car+trilateral commission
10 people have died in a shooting at the paris hq of french weekly charlie hebdo , reports say .
they must have run a cartoon with mohamed islam nibbling pork rinds from all akbar shitty camel asshole
presumably how do you arrive at that,?
did not you want to be tolerant ?! you should have seen this coming !
perhaps them shouting ' we have avenged the prophet ' maybe. what do you think ??
11 dead. but they produce a satirical magazine so hopefully it did not really happen.
send the fuckers back to the desert
but it should be confirmed 1st before speculating on air.
a crime of passion or another heathen mosley atrocity ?
let is have the facts for a change. not presumptions.
breaking : paris police say shots fired at satirical newspaper charlie hebdo ; witness says multiple gunmen involved .
has strict gun so where did the gunmen get the guns ?
more innocent people slaughtered in the name of allah ?
beat ho wholewheat are you talking innocent man
let the blaming begin !
breaking 10 dead in paris at satirical newspaper charlie held ; witness says multiple gunmen involved.
you have to see that !
but strongly condemns it. so there is that.
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
multiple ' lone wolves ', surely ?
there was a bar either a not bar or an akbar
now which religious nut jobs do people think it is ? time to crack down europe has problems
kept their promise to attack this magazine
charlie hebdo gunmen reportedly heard shouting : ' prophet has been avenged '
the prophet it was a cartoon of baghdad not mohammad.
and yet is the most popular name in britain !
rt held gunmen reportedly heard shouting : ' prophet has been avenged '
there you go. rt charlie held gunmen reportedly heard shouting : ' prophet has been avenged '
oh boy here we go again and angry radical muslim .....
should we blame the provocative or the provoked ??
to kill for religion is madness
who else kills for a post than mohammedan ?
prophet you right ?
no i agree but a provocation is an invitation !!
i do not understand the relevance of that
or real world ?
not to violence it is not. unless there is an actual threat of violence first.
a provocation is an open invitation !!
can we play guess the prophet ???
gotta be the oil ' prophet muhammad, yes indeed. 🚫👳🚫
imports millions of every year. europeans have a death wish.
violence is never justifiable unless in response to violence. words are just words
sure makes us believe that is the right ????
is response to today is incident in paris via his official acct
found out original was by lucille clerk
does not run that instagram.
love it even if not banks. “ : is response to held murders ”
update : cop fatally shot as france hunts massacre suspects
this is ashamed they do not even carry guns there i hope they find the shooter
gunmen reportedly asked for victims by name before shooting them . live updates :
the asked for victims by name ? it truly does !
this is much more insatiable .....
gunmen reportedly asked for victims by name before shooting them
- hostage taken at kosher shop in by ‘ suspect in police officer shooting '
mt hostage taken at kosher shop in by ‘ suspect in police officer shooting '
three gunmen who shot dead 12 people at the hq of are still on the run in paris , police
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
excuse what are they shouting ? i can not hear it well ...
such a sad day. i really do not like this world anymore.
3 extremists. why does the media never mention they are muslim ?
this is not what peaceful islam teaches
breaking : french police tell ap suspects in attack have taken a hostage northeast of paris .
the terrorists need empathy send them to harvard university
. you think that will fix it ?
police have closed de gauge airport flights being diverted airport is near dammartin-en-goel
these guys are not getting away from the sign.
why did they even exist ? everyone seem to know all about their dirt !
paris police : 10 dead , 5 injured at shooting
caravan looter is religion with rape violence looting slavery coming from7th century as if it were peace
more : police surround kosher grocery store in eastern paris where armed man is holding hostage
so the do have helicopters !
surround kosher grocery store in eastern paris where armed man is holding hostage
so not just any store. a kosher store. that is handy for the media machine.
i think managed the situation better killings
of course and its sabbath time. its all about oil shares
breaking : police official : suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
oh breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
rt breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed.
breaking police official : suspects in massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
rt breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed.
police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
rt breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed.
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
breaking police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed. ”
most compelling image i have seen to come out of horrifying events in paris , courtesy of banksy .
beautiful mt courtesy of banks.
it is brilliant but it is not by banks its by
a person living near the hostage scene sent us these photos
looks as if the cops are having a fag behind the van.
person living near the hostage scene sent these photos
time has come when we start calling spade a spade
rt a person living near the hostage scene sent us these photos ”
they should not have been published now
via mosque burned in savoy in air les gains via “
north iparralde in basque language, french territory. thanks
vandalism and racism in the mosque of bayonne (south west of france)
a burned mosque in savoy in air les gains.
mosque burned in savoy in air les gains via
a person living near the hostage scene sent us these photos ”
breaking : 10 reportedly shot dead at paris hq of french weekly charlie hebdo
nowhere is safe anymore “
why does one feel that this may have something to so with freedom of speech -
nine journalists and two police officers killed in attack , police spokesman confirms
nine journalists and two police officers killed in attack, police spokesman confirms ”
bots will conquest all the world.
nine journalists and two police officers killed in attack, police spokesman confirms ”
dear western values not your cup ? europe is polly not for you.
10 journalists 2 policemen
this is vile rt “ : nine journalists and two police officers killed in attack ... ”
chilling video allegedly of attackers filmed from rooftop . a cry of ' allahou akbar ' followed by shots …
do we still continue with has no religion line ? kinda stale now.
who happens when brains go dead after staying too long with lizards !
are u still looking to get answer to your ? search at
yeah. may be
same old story after every terror attack still media questions gujarat police most drill
now we will hear statements that these guys were not from the religion of peace.
perhaps police persons mocking their name of religion with terrorism not fair ? is true so called intellectuals
could be anyone giving a false impression. needs investigation before one may jump to conclusions.
the video most channels have already aired it
why are they whispering they should have been shouting.
witness - gunmen told me to tell the media they were al-qaeda in yemen h/t
. hope the others are practicing good personal security and situation awareness !
and they did not leave their telephone numbers and addresses as well ?
yes we can now where did i hear that slogan before ...
witness gunmen told me to tell the media they were al-qaeda in yemen h/t ”
has anyone recognized their accent. ?
the one witness who commented said it was well spoken french
... not very as spoke good french and apparently russian ? french chechen ?
inspire magazine asap on list of wanted picture 3rd row 2nd down
witness gunmen told me to tell the media they were al-qaeda in h/t ”
at the same 39 deaths in yemen
no particular accent in the video. looks like french guys who joined terrorism isis or a.
update : gunman in kosher grocery store is demanding the release of the suspects in shooting - reports
we all heard of standoff. this is french version of it
where is eddy ca plan when you need him
it is certainly an indicator of how that ones going to pan out.
impossible demand to justify “ a massacre when it is refused.
fuck you and stop islamization
breaking gunman at kosher grocery store threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers
is that guy who promotes murdering women+children in the name of peace ....
afp reporting at least five hostages have been taken at kosher shop in paris - live
we know why he picked a kosher store. to kill jewish people. period.
religion how you break people is empathy and make them able to kill.
breaking : paris : 10 dead in attack on satirical paper that poked fun at mohammed
more from the religion of peace ' ... u mean piece of shot
i know they r covering up so there no anti islam backlash
with the happy family less amsterdam jihadists fighters ’ abroad.
and this surprises approximately ........ one
its a religion of piece.
extremism and terrorism has no place in islam
there is place in who kill any people ... and who not give respect any religion
. those are all assumptions at this point ...
very sure to shouting in videos) . probably nuts returning from isis holly war.
. not sure. there is another suspect :
famous cartoonists charb and cabu shot dead according to reports
this is what they do best killing unarmed people - innocent will suffer for this cowardly attack
fled west to escape from barbarism attackers wish to turn our countries into that from which they fled
your caps lock feature seems to be engaged.
is one of the attackers picking up a shoe or trainer here ?
famous cartoonists chart and cab shot dead according to reports ”
we are just not islam can not coexist
newspapers of world she support charliehebdo
famous cartoonists chart and cab shot dead ” dreadful news
this is beyond terrible for france, cab the best ... he sews tree trieste
bots will conquest all the world.
the jihads was the same as north korea and became an enemy of the freedom of speech.
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
rt famous cartoonists chart amp ; cab shot dead according to reports
are terrorists should wake up !!!
if you vote for the palestinian terrorists ' god brings it to your doorstep karma
breaking : car chase under way in paris as officers pursue suspects down motorway
nice conditions for a high speed car chase. not going to end well for someone.
attack raises questions about obama is policies
rt breaking car chase under way in as officers pursue suspects down motorway
this is the making of a sick black op 5 mission
attack raises questions about obama is policies
they are cornered in a building with a hostage now
attack raises questions about obama is policies
attack raises questions about obama is policies
attack raises questions about obama is policies
attack raises questions about obama is policies
breaking car chase under way in pariparisofficers pursue suspects down motorway ”
[ happening now ] shooting and hostage situation at kosher supermarket in eastern
learn your history better dude.
is full of thieves
you dutch fool nobody listens to ye anyway insignificant.
has upset a lot of people))
happening shooting and hostage situation at kosher supermarket in eastern paris
i know enough you prick. zionists are worse than any terrorist. they are they major terrorists
update : 12 now confirmed dead in attack in paris , is reporting . story : ( ap )
12 now confirmed dead in attack in paris, is reporting : (ap) ”
and will just roll over and do nothing. french jews, get out while you can !
the drawer cab was killed during the attack
in there are 4 of more french illustrators ! cabu, wolinsky, chart and igneous
: car chase , hostage drama as paris massacre suspects cornered
rt car hostage drama as paris massacre suspects cornered
the first person killed in charlie hebdo attacks was muslim police officer
and the second one was not. point ?
first person killed in charlie held attacks was muslim police officer bastards
terrorist has no religion 💔 # parisattackers
this scene takes place after the attack of
murderers using religion to hide behind.
inspiring wot most of us do not want in our societies, haters, feeding off haters
the first person killed in charlie heheldttacks was mumuslimolice officer ”
came about 15 seconds after the still when he was actually killed m8
the first person killed in charlie held attacks was muslim police officer ” 👀
from the attackers point of view it would not matter, if anything it sealed his fate.
breaking : at least 2 killed in hostage situation via
is on the run “ “ isis is a jv team “. oh wait ......
keep rising up against them. protection 🙏
oh my god. those terrorists are awful.
breaking at least 2 killed in hostage situation via “
cc breaking at least 2 killed in hostage situation via ”
rt breaking at least 2 killed in hostage situation via
breaking at least 2 killed in hostage situation via ” peace strikes again ...
at least 12 people were killed in today is deadly attack on , an official says .
no more pain in this world, its enough !!!!!
close the enough is enough.
at least 12 people killed in today is deadly attack on, an official says. ”
england and are in the same boat. good luck with that.
mt pm cameron unwittingly highlights problem of “ the fight against terror “
12 ppm killed in today is attack on ” horrific ! will this hate ever end ?!
defending the freedom of the press while eliminating the freedoms of the people
who these people exactly must be rooted out ?
should do like these actions this magazine makes a mockery of the prophet mohammedan did not respect muslims
breaking : armed man linked to charlie hebdo suspects takes hostages at kosher grocery store in east paris
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
persiflage off translate. that is new. meanwhile, the jihads do what they always do.
i should watch more crap tv, ' innit jane ?
have been a grocery store. tht would be fitting.
and without you are a fool.
why blindly obey their read here :
if these are home grown muslim terrorists inspired by jihad, the same could happen here in america !
he is either a rabid anti-semite, or he loves a good allah !
- one person has been injured in the shootout at kosher grocery store in porte de
one person has been injured in the shootout at kosher grocery store in port de ”
one person has been injured in the shootout at kosher grocery store in port de ”
meanwhile continues to support terrorists with arms and logistics.
breaking : french police descend on town where gunmen resembling suspected attackers hit gas station
gas station living the dream. hope they shoot a propane tank by accident
they undoubtedly feel the ' heat ' .....
what 2,000,000,000 not condemning a terror attack looks like.
rt police descend on town where gunmen resembling suspected attackers hit gas station
are you sure because last night said 1 dead 2 in custody ... you sure
terrorists ... can you say terrorist ? i knew you could
maybe we should focus on our own terrorist who is running the streets in colorado springs ....
breaking : 10 reported dead in charlie hebdo hq shooting - local media
sounds like somebody is trying hard to make the point
i am guessing they have annoyed either the religion of peace or the religion of hatred and death
10 reported dead in charlie held hq shooting - local media ”
let me terrorists “ again ?
here is your answer the second one.
someone must draw cartoons of the attack !
update : french police in standoff with attack suspects , hostage believed taken
i hope these animals die a slow and painful death.
rt police in standoff with suspects, hostage believed taken.
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo ...
they are simply staging nearby. assault is likely imminent.
who is coming up with these questions that your news readers are asking these so called analyst ?
they should fly a large copy of the cartoon in question atop the empire state building ! 🗼
i hope the scum terrorists get 20yrs solitary followed by us style “ lethal “ injection
or until the good ones stand up against the bad ones
police in hostage believed taken latest
another bloodshed i foresee ... another life or lives loss. sad
rt : r.i.p. ahmed merabet , a french cop , first victim of attack
. thank you for making it easy for me to spot you and block you. bye
chopping heads and if they ai not doing the chopping they are cheering.
someone should send that to chris matthews who acted as if all muslims in france were terrorists
i will give you that.
i slammed not the people. they need reformation and the lack of movement shows no interest.
his filmed was a barbaric act of terror !
i am not buying the bullshit that there are good muslims. the islamic religion is fucking evil.
not just pissed off. i am against all religion.
convoy of police cars rushing toward town northeast of paris amid reports of hostages taken - broadcast
try creating your the way you can survive in it.
whereas power hungry clerics are trying to commit holdup on democracy which is unacceptable these are victims of
so should we buy them nice new shiny cars and an all expense paid trip to the bahamas ?
world of murders our politicians are responsible because they believe in killing in the name of democracy.
would be more killed ending as spirit is justice/tribunal not lynch
' petite gars ' of charlie would have wanted justice via tribunal not lynch
heard it on rel amp ; along france inter state radio pb is in
which are not muslims these clerics are like nazis germans are not big nuance
go get ' em string them up and let wild dogs at them !!!!!
there r other ways to eliminate a problem, without living out perverted psychopathic fantasies' girl 😊
police officer at scene of paris hostage situation tells the bbc two people are confirmed to have died
police officer at scene of paris hostage situation tells the bbc two people are confirmed dead ”
what on earth is going on
i was under the impression that the two in reference were hostages. as in “ killed “
what is the difference they died in police action as they wished where they had a hostage.
charlie hebdo suspects and police are said to exchange fire northeast of paris
now they saying one several injured ?
' ' aka lawmaker claims killings were staged like a movie script to shift the blame unto muslims
praying all innocent ppm are safe.
we should be expecting trump. to be in the white house 2016.
held suspects and police are said to exchange fire northeast of paris ”
french officials say one of the alleged gunman left id in getaway car after attack
terrorist masterminds rt officials say one of alleged gunman left id in getaway car after attack
officials say one of the alleged gunman left id in getaway car after attack ” convenient
yeah course he did.
would they be stupid to firstly carry their own id & amp ; secondly leave it behind to distract
like corner is wallet survived the fire ?
look for the only 2 people in paris who are not crying.
who carries id when going on a murderous callous rampage
that does not sound normal.
in again within 36 hours was found all terrorists ... bullshit
so convenient ... has happened too often since 9/11
not as organized as we thought.
officials say one of the alleged gunman left id in getaway car after attack perfect via
officials say one of the alleged gunman left id in getaway car after attack ”
reports of fatality and injuries following shootout ahead of dammartin-en-goele hunt - live coverage :
correction by prosecutor saying no on killed in shootout.
reports of fatality and injuries following shootout ahead of dammartin-en-goele hunt - live coverage : ”
and it also happens in reverse
why am i involved in this thread ? please drop me out. thanks
prosecutor denies reports that at least one person killed in shootout during manhunt
i think at stupidity very smart
spies see fingerprints on paris massacre
sick man. i think u simply hate muslims not terrorists. work on that !!!!
think the post was intended to be ironic rather than there being any direct linkage.
and in particular the dangerous and rancid left
so you are saying the palestinian state is responsible for some lunatics killing people ?
free of speech opinion ur free
in all fascist states criticism of the governing ideology is a dangerous thing.
and what is the point ? 2 totally unrelated events.
of course it is not justified. the radical elements need tackling.
killings will always happen. go abroad and kill people.
update - afp reports at least five people have been taken hostage and one person wounded after shooting at kosher
among the hostages are women and children. horrific
so hostages are hostages.
why is it important that there are women and children held ?
is there an ink to any video on attack on kosher grocery market with children and women inside ?
i am a but why state kosher ????
groovy. now has covered the story that was on ... and ?
tell us who is responsible for the attack in france ...
. wrong link. live coverage here : promise !
will they use these hostages as a bargaining tool for the brothers escape ?
update - afp reports an armed man has taken a hostage in a kosher grocery in
so just can not believe what is going on !! 😕
i am so glad i could be of such assistance ☺️
what relevance is that does that justify it ?
does your mum know you are playing on her phone ???
and where did i say country ? fucking idiot. kill yourself.
was that a joke or what ? if so i do not get it.
providing calm and reassurance at such traumatic times.
stay away from and you will most likely be fine.
this will now not end well at all, one step to far.
these people are evil and they want the world to play by their rules !
and what do you base that assumption on ?
where the fuck did i say that ? just said it might have something to do with it.
expert in counter terrorism and home security 😂
no such country. must be referring to the haas terrorists israel are fighting against.
i know no iii meantit could be a reaction from the situation over there .
strong reaction maybe they should do that in gaza or israel rather than our countries !!
atrocities committed by what the fuck you talking about.
they are the shop is kosher. food friendly for jews specifically.
no worries my pleasure.
oh fuck off you idiot.
fucking community have not taken it well apparently.
good. world would be a better place.
it will be it is only a matter of time
i work on an army camp. i feel pretty safe 😂
thanks i feel much reassured now
there are children in the supermarket hostage scenario, offs ! 😕
it seems like these attacks are accelerating. yes, very scary.
by typing shit for brains. off to kill myself now
terror is terror regardless of context. we are all aware of the existence of the israel-palestine situation
i think there is a lot of things your small mind does not get
what is a shop got to do with palestine ?
latest on the manhunt for charlie hebdo attackers :
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
i hope for the world and for french. jeanny
the latest on the manhunt for charlie held attackers : “ at least it is a french car
the car is ... no ???
appalled by the attack on charlie hebdo in paris , 10 - probably journalists - now confirmed dead . an
attacking religion is not free speech. people get hurt and then act like this which is also wrong
can you supply the factual evidence of a winged horse ? or a man resurrected after 3 days ?
important moment. other papers could provide safety in numbers.
solidarity is key we can not be mute in the face of this repulsiveness.
you think people should not be allowed to speak against any religion ?
of course they should be allowed to speak against a religion but with facts not by ridiculing it
facts about a religion “ do you see the irony in that statement ?
what else could have been the motive ? to prevent it from happening keep religion out
keep religion out of it ? bit late for that !
i will ride with you.
this is the point of free speech, why get so offended !!?
no. on every newspaper from russia to the usa.
and give true meaning to the hash tag.
according to ’ s lawyer four well-known french cartoonists were killed by the masked gunmen : cabu , wolinski ,
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
so sad. what is our world coming to ?
: both charlie hebdo suspects killed as police storm building ( police sources )
but think it was too dangerous.
. did they get those “ boys “ who lashed out against the c.h. artist ?
both held suspects killed as police storm building (police sources)
bad. they should have been captured alive for a proper trial.
great news take no prisoners. these bastards need to be exterminated on sight
sweet they are finally with allah
both held suspects killed as police storm building (police sources)
and now the trocadero . i have a very bad feeling about today
yeah me too. we are all sad
thank for your love you
it is so sad i am in france.
shut be respectful please.
me too mg that is horrible
i think we are gonna have a shitty year as well cause we will hardly get over this ...
terrorists are in my city : o
- at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : ( afp )
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : (eight) ”
rt at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : (eight)
witness to attack claims gunmen told him it was “ al-qaeda in yemen ” ( i.e. aqap ) :
he also said one of the attackers had a rocket launcher.
it is not what i like it is what happened
no one is so dumb to believe that. hold on ...
that means the would love it if a got bombed for this
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ”
very two hostage situations.
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ”
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ”
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ”
rt at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ”
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ” jesus christ
at least five hostages in kosher supermarket : source ”
oh no ... rt : at least five hostages in ppariskosher supermarket : source
at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ”
prayers for the hostages amp ; their families. the hostage takers are.
five 5 rt “ : at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source ”
rt at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : source
five hostages in the supermarket .....
breaking : hostage taken at kosher deli in paris by gunman who killed cop yesterday
rt breaking hostage taken at kosher deli in paris by gunman who killed cop yesterday ”
suspects in thursday slaying of policewoman and current hostage situation in the east of paris . afp
..... they are at war with western civilization
hope the catch them and give them a slow painful death
catch then the guillotine !
from the show is on the loose.
policewoman be like me '
suspects killed , hostage freed and safe after police assault . photo joel saget
rt suspects hostage freed and safe after police assault. photo joel sage
rt suspects hostage freed and safe after police assault. “
suspects killed, after police assault. photo joel sage ”
rt suspects hostage freed and safe after police assault. photo : joel sage
very bad news for justice and the future of anti-terrorism after merahrt : suspects killed ”
breaking update : 11 dead , 10 wounded in charlie hebdo hq shooting - paris police
rt breaking update 11 dead, 10 wounded in charlie held hq shooting - paris police
seems like someone did not like their jokes.
thought trying to keep the peace
update : security alert in trocadero near the eiffel tower in paris appears to be " false alarm " .
it is not important to be first but it is more important to be factual.
how when police have guns out ?
kosher restaurants closing across paris . schools nr latest incident locked down .
hoping those ppm make it out unharmed. all of this is awful
paying a price for is murders. sad
they blamed instead of helping them and recalled their tourists, now they are receiving the same attacks
now they say it is a man & amp ; woman who have taken these hostages.
is this another or the 2 stupid muslim brothers ?
welcome to. this will happen more and more.
sad world it is turning out to be.
apparently he is the two stupid muslim brothers friend.
time has come to finish such scraps ... only disturbing peace of the world.
they would normally be closing at this time on friday before the sabbath begins
not that my participation matters, have a good day ...
breaking : police order all shops closed in famed jewish neighborhood in central paris far from attacks .
overreaction or is heading back to the past ?
it will probably take another pearl harbor scale attack on usa mainland to rouse the populous and govt.
strange options. neither is the correct answer. try some more prejudices. entertain me.
this whole thing just reminds me of wwii.
you see it huh ?
do you understand what a question mark does ?
how are stereotyped curses helpful to anyone ?
police order all shops closed in famed jewish neighborhood in central far from attacks-
hostages taken north-east of paris : police
rt hostages taken of paris : police
hostages taken of paris : police
now possible hostages hostages taken north-east of paris : police
rt hostages taken north-east of paris : police ”
it as i predicted rt hostages taken north-east of paris : police
so confused. rt hostages taken north-east of paris : police
hostages taken of paris : police ”
hostages taken north-east of paris : police “
flash hostages taken north-east of paris : police ”
no is terrorist
rt hostages taken north-east of paris : police ”
hostages taken of paris : police ”
hostages taken of paris : police ” this is becoming an utter mess.
mercy hostages taken north-east of paris : police ”
links are for right ?
oh no rt hostages taken north-east of paris : police
hostages taken of paris : police ”
brilliant by
that is the answer love it ! “ : brilliant by ”
extreme who should be in prison. betcha it will happen.
breaking : gunfire , hostages taken in dammartin-en-goële , east of paris , as police chase suspected attackers
may the holy guardian angels protect all who are involved !!
my what has our world come to ?! praying that everyone is safe
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
if you dare watch the evil truth of jihad and how islam is blinding our governments
- at least 2 dead in hostage standoff in paris kosher supermarket ( afp )
people in invite la to join the fight & amp ; protect them
at least 2 dead in hostage standoff in paris kosher supermarket (eight)
live mt at least 2 dead in hostage standoff in paris kosher supermarket
report : hostages taken at a printing shop northeast of paris ; some injuries - broadcast
hey breaking we need each second new breaking news. you are twisting to seldom.
reports 2 dead and 20 wounded in gunfire exchange.
another muzzle attack people have been to kind to them. now it is hammer-time !
rt report hostages taken at a printing shop northeast of paris ; some injuries - broadcast
praying for and all affected by this most recent violence.
report hostages taken at a printing shop northeast of paris ; some injuries - broadcast ”
id card of said kouachi , suspect in attack , found in car left by 2 suspects
in case of police control on the road !
can anyone say false flag “ ? who stands to gain from these murders ?
and you seem a little confused brother.
... despite journalists said they were not amateurs ...
the runner was lost as it was too large.
not the faintest idea what you are going on about, anyhow have a great evening.
you can find me here :
yeah. sure. masks etc. will not be suspicious enough.
no escape and no hidden place for the duo. they will be annihilated.
well that is not in the slightest bit suspicious is it ?
i lived in the middle east and elsewhere. powerful vested interests manipulate geopolitics- most people want peace.
this is very strange if the video is genuine.
so are you a truth er ? jeez. you people are full of it.
i suspect this just the beginning of something even bigger
maybe. we do not know what happened. i will keep an open mind.
they have taken their id cards whilst they are going to a terrorist act ?
i can smell the bullshit from here ...
unless you and i are ballistics and weapons specialists, we can not really infer seriously from this.
such military precision that they got the wrong address to start with.
seems strange that they had such military precision during the attack but then made this schoolboy error 😕
- hostage taken at kosher shop in by ‘ suspect in police officer shooting '
were not they in a warehouse like an hour ago ? what happened to that ?
. the two suspects have now taken hostages and holed themselves up at three different places simultaneously.
ahmed merabet , a french cop , first victim of attack ,
rest in peace and the other victims
may he rest in peace - peace to his family and friends
i do not. please elaborate
father of 2 and 42 years old
by your logic he should not respect you, you have to earn it.
this face ... rt ahmed megabit, a french cop, first victim of attack
farewell brother rt french cop, 1st victim of attack
and what should he expect of you ?
rest megabit ....
its perfectly reasonable to criticize these maniacs beliefs but only without scapegoating the rest.
you know what my point is.
you do know there are hundreds of thousands of muslims inside the police forces and military ?
yet you have expectations in a world run by governments.
2000 ppm put to death by the egyptian government - for protesting. the west backs that man.
cartoon attributed to is really by
. tracked debunking of instant banks myth
thank you important to give credit where it is due)
reports in french media of hostage situation as manhunt for suspects centres on
afraid to say gunmen are making a mockery of french security apparatus.
hostages are being held in a company called creation ten dance decouverte
the security services are a complete shambles
because this is not sensationalizing and glamorizing at all. what happened to you ?
d e'er d should be tried for extreme hate speech in court of law.
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
i thought this might happen more will die they want to be martyrs. tragic !
gunfire has killed two more people and twenty are injured by bullets
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source
at least two killed in hostage drama east of : source ”
horrifying rt at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
rt at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source
oh this is dreadful ... at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
rt at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
oh god rt at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
rt at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris : source ”
gunmen reportedly killed in firefight with french special forces
gunmen reportedly killed in firefight with french special forces ”
gunmen reportedly killed in firefight with french special forces ” finally 🙌
gunmen reportedly killed in firefight with french special forces ”
hope it was so fan painful and with pork bullets !
great work done by the enforcement. and people of france
gunmen reportedly killed in firefight with french special forces ” thank god
gunmen reportedly killed in firefight with french special forces ” justice !
cant wait to see the cartoons
they did not like freedom of speech so they can not have expected a trial
armed gunmen face police officers near the offices of the satirical newspaper photo : anne gelbard
gunmen face police officers near the offices of the satirical newspaper
the religion of peace at it again ......
gunmen face police officers near the offices of the satirical newspaper photo : a. gelbard
come up from behind and shoot the fuckers, enough to maim at least .....
gunmen face police officers near offices of satirical newspaper photo : gel bard ”
i am going with first choice. i wonder if the will not activate and kick some ass ?
very disturbing gunmen face police near newspaper offices in photo via
update - french media : identified suspect in policewoman killing is known associate of suspected gunman cherif kouachi
they wrong if they did it
please provide proof if they did it. why no blood in shooting of policeman
how come perpetrators leave id at scene of crime
there is a tank near the hostage scene ( pic : heathcliff o amalley )
rt there is a tank near the hostage scene (pic : heath cliff o amalia)
en baguette pr exercise very mourmelon of mainly ? mt there is a tank near the hostage scene
maybe it is to smash through the walls of the building and provide cover for special forces following ?
there is a tank near the hostage scene (pic : heath cliff o amalia) ”
there is a tank near the hostage scene (pic : heath cliff o amalia)
if the armed with like some reports helicopters and personnel susceptible. may protect
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
sounds more likely that this will end with bloodshed. terrorists say they are prepared to die.
rt there’s a tank near the hostage scene (pic : heath cliff o’valley)
no idea how they may have got but unconfirmed reports of rpm at initial attack and service station
how are they planning to resolve a hostage situation with a tank ?!
shame on the for tweet showing tank traveling on lorry in background of photo.
staff of magazine were shot as they were in the midst of an editorial meeting . latest updates :
may the humble souls of the deceased rest in peace
blame it on the government.
then they would fight among st themselves !!!
i condemn the cowardly attacks. terrorism is not religion. this inhumane. god bless everyone
a office was bombed today via christian terrorist, white super mist,
horrifying rt staff of magazine were shot as they were in the midst of an editorial meeting.
i wonder if the assailants knew- much like etc they stalk for years and strike when timing is right
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
fact check board is the ac, not stefan char bonnier
the are not not even human !!!
last tweet from before the attack, 3 hours ago ▸
11 just killed in paris by " alu akhbar " shouting armed men in attack on satirical mag charlie hebdo
translates as potato news. just saying.
is all idiots.
new vid of paris attack on filmed by a witness . gunmen on street shout " allahu akbar "
i think the video is banned from the authorities temporary
we need to round up all muslims now !
is turkey part of the “ west “ ???
of blame the west ...
multiculturalism. good mix.
update - afp : an unnamed police source says the killing of the policewoman in on thursday is linked to
i would rather wait for official confirmation than your scaremongering speculative social media sourcing news.
of course it was going to be linked, something needs done before they take over the world !!
charlie hebdo attack was obviously carefully planned . ... and than you leave your id card in the getaway car
the very first thing that came to my mind.
losing your id card is very common during a terrorist attack, here is another example ... ─►
or did the perpetrators leave an innocent mans id at the scene ?
they should make black boxes out of the same material used to make passports ...
amazing how paper passports survived all that fire, huh ?
if this were not so serious, it would be comical ...
because you fouled up. hit was planned in detail, but not the escape.
the 18 year old hanged himself. he was at college at the time of
not with the getaway car waiting for them ?
oh wait ... not but two id cards ! ─►
they really need to get with the bum bags ...
it has and mos sad written all over it
biggest lie ever told to americans ....
why do not they just make the whole plane out of terrorist passports ?
are they sure it is the right id card ?
it backfired in. we banded to support
it is starting to smell really bad already
i remember seeing that report with my flatmate. we both, simultaneously, burst out laughing.
12 dead in paris attack on office , five others critical
extremism and terrorism has no place in islam
r.i.p. ahmed merabet , a french police officer , a muslim , the first victim of attack , via
agree. he died a hero !!
he spoke to them he was the man seen pleading in the video.
had not seen that video at the time.
and what is the name of the second police officer who was killed ?
they are unworthy to be allowed to breathe.
they are not they are psychopaths who would not understand a graphic novel.
a police 1st victim of attack
imam attacked for calling isis a ' perverted version of islam '
.... cowardly shameful act of obscene hatred. thoughts and prayers to this police officers family
ironic that a killed a muslim
oh what irony. its them who are not the actual muslims and are unworthy
believes that those bloody islamist murders were not aware that they were killing a muslim police officer
thanks i am a little tired.
had they known would hate him even more.
makes this evil act even more abysmal
terrorist attackers saw megabit not as muslim but as unworthy
but they are hundreds of millions with same view, how to explain ?
hardliners see him as fallen almost subhuman, whereas cartoonists seen as dogs
ten killed in shooting at headquarters of french satirical weekly charlie hebdo , says french media citing witnesses
what is going on ??
must be that peace loving religion again
police seen in longpont , a village near to a petrol station reportedly robbed by the two suspects .
in your own little world.
documented false flag shooter secret service intelligence
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
this is getting ridiculous are there never police personnel there ? send us news, not
i pray for a peaceful world and positive energy to all.
really why no blood or mess from the officers head when shot at point blank ?
keep doing mos work by churning out fake news.
stand in solidarity with fight for free speech. buy this t-shirt now
more : operation to detain massacre suspects unfolding in dammartin-en-goele , about 25 miles northeast of paris :
rt operation to detain massacre suspects unfolding in dammartin-en-goele, about 25 miles northeast of paris :
shame on your family you dirty muslim bastards
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
developing : 2 reported dead in second hostage situation at paris grocery store
time to start shooting them out of hand like rabid dogs they are.
call it by its name in second muslim terrorist attack !
sounds like gun free zones are working perfectly in france !
will end this standoff.
will end this standoff ! u f%$k with the jews u will lose.
hoe hurt
you do know it is a kosher “ jewish-owned “ grocery store, right ?
really nothing like that being said on.
- an armed man has reportedly taken a hostage at a kosher grocery store at porte de
no wonder people are emigrating. bloody hell france gets a grip
open season on the free world !!!
when will it end never ?
looks like was right. if continues to support terrorists, they will eventually come home.
feared at least 5 hostages are being held in paris ' kosher ' grocery
it reminds me of in kenya, terrorists have no boundaries ... may god deliver the hostages
at least 5 sausages held in paris kosher butchers - media distortion+stage events ?
votes for state - zionists stage false flag operation.
what did people think would happen if they filled their countries up with muslims saveeuropevoteukip
rt feared at least 5 hostages are being held in paris ' kosher ' grocery
more workplace violence by the religion of peace ?
maybe it should say hostages “ ...
feared at least 5 hostages are being held in paris ' kosher ' grocery ”
. mt feared at least 5 hostages are being held in paris ' kosher ' grocery
developing : police pursuing shooting suspects , helicopters deployed - live feed :
found similar by here ~ entitled : ' police raid cannabis crops '
breaking : at least 10 dead , 5 injured after to gunman open fire in offices of charlie hebdo ,
if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
govt needs to take strict action.
the religion of peace strikes again.
and idiot strikes again with his stupid tweet
blame the shooter not the religion because the same religion taught not to kill innocent ppm
breaking update - france : police order all shops closed in famed jewish neighborhood in central paris following attacks .
capitulation to terror. their failure for not protecting them properly in the first place.
so the only thing u care about are the jews low
supports you ... is the cancer of planet earth
they will be closed anyway bc it is shabby soon,
damn. i can imagine how awesome a french, kosher corned beef sandwich must be.
remember and what happened in france. france has always capitulated or tried to appease.
police vehicles chase suspects on french motorway
this cannot happen in and in 2015 for christ sake ! without security there is chaos !
they should have just ram them off the road
police vehicles chase suspects on french motorway ” oms
french police publishes photos of suspect in yesterday is montrouge shooting . maybe the same persons in kosher market
mt police publish photos of suspect in montrouge shooting. maybe the same people in kosher market
unconfirmed reports that attackers shouted " the prophet is avenged " and used a rocket launcher . this is next
when are you going to tackle the elephant in the room ?!
this must be very tiring for you.
if the reports are unconfirmed do we need to tweet them ?
terror has no religion rt attackers shouted “ the prophet is avenged “ and used a rocket launcher.
religions fails when men have to defend their gods
they did say that. you saw the video ?
rocket freaking launcher damn ...
banksy’s take on
it is not banks it is a fan site.
thanks for the link really appreciate it.
very clever. love it.
you know the thought process
it is not banks. ”
doubling up the hatred .... the multiplying effect on western hatred of islam exponential.
congrats on your tweet !
it is not banks.
banks’s take on ” banks is unbelievable
mm great minds thinking alike or ...
the image that everyone is sharing by ' banks ' is not by banks says -
yes this. rt : banks’s take on ”
banks’s take on ” & lt ; this is brilliant
banks’s take on ” wow.
congrats on your tweet !
congrats on your tweet !
rt banks’s take on via
fact that the gunmen were shouting " allah hu akbar " while shooting rules out any connection with the religion
who said i hated ya pleb show me ?
look on live leak and make up your own mind. its clear enough to me.
leave me out of your conversation - thanks
clearly did not read my tweet did you armhole and fyi my sister inlay is muslim
but they said they cannot confirm where the shouting was coming from
never done a line before ?
long until its on your doorstep ? wake up !!
news just reported it was not clear who was doing the shouting 😂
look get a room and leave me out of your conversation please.
and get a gram up your nose ya long might wake you up !
and says the same as me twat stick !
or look at mature footage, you do not have to condemn all muslims to condemn islamist how
if you do not want to be involved do not get involved its that simple 👌 utaggingya !
he knew the back story about the cartoon mohammad the printed, so not a full assumption
there are live videos showing that.
come on that is weak, everyone is wrong once in a while
i but it was obvious (to me anyway)from the outset who was responsible
hey fuck off and swivel on my middle finger !
more : police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects :
police official hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects : ”
more police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects :
more police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects : ”
all of them are muslim terrorists
more police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects : ”
operation underway in the dammartin-en-goele area , as police hunt paris shooting suspects , french interior minister tells cnn affiliate
the us army from will go to ukraine, said obama
curious to see if swat equivalent is any good. does anyone know what they call themselves ?
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
so the army whupped hitler. just like they will whup putin.
police should smear pork at onto their bullets
they should be captured alive for future purposes ...
yea your one of the reasons i watch. tell it like it is.
as in do you know how many and for what is killing ordinary american boys ?
get you with nuclear warheads and that is the end of your
someone needs to shove a peroxide up putin ass. i think the us army can manage that
. we need a lot of prayers
great work by is security agencies compare with indian security agencies struggling year by year
we should be expecting don trump. to be in the white house 2016.
tell newsreaders and journalists that dammartin-en-goële is pronounced dam martin en “ powell “
update - police say gunman in grocery threatens to kill hostages if police storm suspected gunmen in dammartin-en-goele
take the cameras away from the charlie held scene
cut power and jam mobile signals etc so he has no idea what is going on from media
stop showing live streams of the area you will screw up the assault plans offs common sense
have had surveillance on these guys after shootings
the hostages will be killed. act no french special forces, you cannot negotiate with these crazies
. so would a news blackout not be advisable ?
so stop broadcasting live feeds from the scene so the gunman will not know.
this is not surprising but agree with others media black out needs to happen
storm both at the same time then or cut the aerial so he can not watch tell ?
repeating the gunshots is better than a blackout ! !
think maybe a news black out would be advisable for safety reasons
police need to jam all communications media to gunmen at both sites.
looks like you called it spot on
tribute to on banksy is instagram account :
awesome via tribute to on banks is instagram account :
that is not a real flag mate.
not really banks is account and incorrectly attributed. actually drawn by
congrats on your tweet !
so many times goes credited today.
it is actually the work of
how do you know that is his actual account ?
that was actually by clerk, a french illustrator ...
rt tribute to on banks is instagram account :
truly excellent cartoon that speaks more loudly than anything i have seen on the tragedy in paris
congrats on your tweet !
applause all hail banks rt ❤ rt tribute to on banks is instagram account :
tribute to on banks is instagram account : ”
brutal rt tribute to on banks is instagram account : ”
interesting that is trending , started by classmates who say suspect mourad was in class at time of attack
roll on the conspiracy theories !
he turned himself in was it some kind of horrible joke ?
i thought he turned himself in ?
some saying he only did so to prove he was at college. be interesting to see ...
be nice to see some form of apology quickly from officials
will find a scapegoat to preserve illusion that no one can get away with attacking the establishment
let is see what the authorities say
some reporting he did this to prove he was at college
it ai not banksy ! meet , artist behind the iconic pencil tribute
what is with this i do not understand ? explain. someone anyone please 😅
too early to be mean to the internets ... be happy !
that is superb.
rt artist behind the iconic pencil tribute
amazing it in every jjanuary8th ?
not even banks. a fake.
ill be there with ya.
had a sneaking feeling.
so you mean is not really jesus christ ? wtf twitter !!
really loving this terrific campaign. . . pass it on !
i was wondering about that. wish banks had given credit where it was due.
unless you believe the lord is a living, creative force, bad comparison.
just an incredible work of art ! great tribute.
... artist behind the iconic pencil tribute ”
banksy says in a beautiful way ( vi )
banks says in a beautiful way (vi) ” true and so sad !
rt banks says in a beautiful way (vi)
banks says in a beautiful way (vi) ”
banks says in a beautiful way (vi) ”
update - french interior ministry says incident which led to evacuation of trocadero near the eiffel tower in paris was
also creates unnecessary for anyone with relatives/friends in france.
interior ministry says incident which led to evacuation of trocadero in paris was false alarm ”
thank god. this is already horrific enough.
at least they are alert.
i am not posting any info from now on which is not confirmed. creates confusion.
have you thought of confirming information before posting it on twitter ? might be helpful.
breaking : french police convoy , helicopters rush to scene of operation to detain shooting suspects , ap says
a live suspect is of more value than a dead terrorist.
do not bring them in alive shoot to kill, kill the bastards
more reasons to remove all muslims from all western nations
map shows industrial estate where 2 suspects are holed up , surrounded by police
you are in the news again bro
there is an fucking everywhere these days
who are you a thesaurus ?
better than test is though ?
bet there in .... nobody can resist the bargains in there
now put it on live tv news !!!!
coppers do not want to kill them.
by any chance does that printing business actually print the charlie held newspaper ?
you catch them i will clean them in the name of jesus !
least they are near an audi
do not deny them their just reward, expedite dispatch ....., there is a small hitch though.
well said the media can help here.
here is a so called secular indian parliamentarian is thought. this party has ruled us for 60 years
french police confirm that the attackers shouted " the prophet has been avenged " . sigh .
mm ... sometimes 140 characters can cause more arguments than it solves.
i am not being serious. irony. i am not reading that. too busy.
imagine a world free of religion. if fucking only
more frightening than the attack is that we will fight back with no talks '.
makes me hate n muslims, wish they disappear from the face of the earth
but it is nothing to do with islam “, right ?
nothing whatsoever to do with islam
witnesses say several masked men were involved in the shooting at is paris hq .
you join war against terror “ now pay for membership #
this is in bad taste. dont justify the cowardice.
urgent : suspects located in aisne , northern france - reports via
these two retards are fucking it up for the 99. 99% of whom believe in.
breaking : shots fired northeast of paris involving men believed to be charlie hebdo suspects
shots fired northeast of involving men believed to be charlie held suspects
breaking moonshots fired northeast of paris involving men belied to be charlie held suspects
breaking shots fired northeast of paris involving men believed to be charlie held suspects ”
breaking shots fired northeast of paris involving men believed to be charlie held suspects ”
i hope justice gets served.
breaking shots fired northeast of paris involving men believed to be charlie held suspects ”
ten people killed in attack at offices of satirical french magazine charlie hebdo , paris prosecutors say
how do you get these stats ? make them up ?
well thanks for that rational contribution there, bub.
exactly. will fear be the response to this tragedy ?
i am no expert. i am just pointing out the majority of recent violence comes from islam
no one should feel entitled to special treatment. especially when they think irrational violence is acceptable.
i think you will find that the uk that you live in attacked extremists to protect itself
indeed. only the ' phobia ' is unjustified, as it implies irrationality.
the took off the terrorist list. of course the west does not fuck care.
indeed those have a plan to change the face of !
it has everything to do with islam
do not live in silence. try to show others it is ok to speak your mind
fuck political correctness. violent ideologies have violent consequences. it is time we acknowledged the truth.
ask the of how well that worked out. if u can find any
western governments are to the end.
you have massively contradicted yourself there
the west needs to wake up and understand islam is at war with us
i forgot are not illegally invading countries and using drones to kill innocent people
is justified when of terrorist attacks are carried out by people promoting islam
bingo. all rights on paper are worthless if you can not exercise them.
indeed governments and people should wake up before it is too late.
this is the future of europe. thank you.
dank slang an expression for something of high quality. “
the one who truly rules is the one you are not allowed to offend.
that is nonsense. this is just a sign of extremist madmen.
the west would rather worry about kardashian is ass or how men sit on subways.
i find it cute that the far left is still tweeting about that pipe bomb in co springs
not from for but from stupid fanatics who happened to be muslims
i did not deny i just want people to be careful with spreading this kind of rumors
dark just funny and some truths regarding zionism
what a statement dear cherry. any idea about this question ?
is the issue or the liberals who have allowed this islam protection in the west ?
i saw that what a few weeks ago ? cause a genocidal terror group can b reasoned with
i am sure it has nothing to today with islam.
this has nothing to do with christianity. christians go to church on sundays and are peaceful.
so it is a reasonable assumption to suggest islamic extremists are behind this
the end of the world is near, i foresee it
one does not need to be an expert to notice the obvious.
freedom of expression is worthless if we are afraid to use it though.
you got some dank on your twitter man hahn, no hard feelings just debate
that works out real well. they will respond with more appeasement, though.
sucks that we have freedom of expression as a human right in the west. we r so horrible
ten people killed in attack at offices of satirical french magazine charlie held ” holy shit
faith is the excuse given for believing in things without sufficient evidence. it is irresponsible and dangerous.
the understatement of the year.
breaking : at least one killed , severeal injured during shootout with attack suspects - local media
has moral ham yd now left school ? where did he get picked-up ? confused .......
there is more army personnel in paris now than there was to defend against the german army
breaking at least 1 killed, several injured during shootout w/ attack suspects - local media
reminder 17 journalists were massacred by in during 2014.
those thugs are not done yet ?!
suspected killers are in same jihadist group as hostage-taker in paris store , police union rep says .
i hear sharp ton put up a map of the barbershop attack.
suspected killers are in same jihads group as hostage-taker in paris store police rep says ”
it’s always evidence missing in ever case they cover, still needs to be covered
it is not a story naacp not a target of bombing.
terrorist cells and their supporters are all over france/uk/eu we need to identify these savages and exterminate them
getting overrated now what happen to the love
suspected killers are in same jihads group as hostage-taker in paris store, police says. ”
group hi any goal k life peso by jihad kr why in. jzbati bach both.
that is not news think we all gathered that !
can cover all this overseas ' news but not much on ???
hostage-taker at paris store demands release of , police union spokesman says .
none of this makes sense. something does not sound right about all of this to me.
and people in hell wants ice water
let is resist tinfoil hat.
not gonna happen. praying for those hostages.
this makes me sick. praying for hostages. 🙏🙏
why does one of these guys look like one of the rappers from trenton ??
murderers are not martyrs terrorism is the devil is religion !
at store demands release of, police union spokesman says. ” 😱
at store demands release of, police union spokesman says. “ so awful 😞
just use your gun or a pen
they are also demanding their phone bills to be paid ! just saying
police would you please shoot these post ?
france is interior minister says operation to detain charlie hebdo suspects is now underway northeast of paris -
here we come death to all who oppose democracy and freedom of expression !
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
if there are hope and pray they get out safe
let is hope that these criminals cannot make more victims.
witness says multiple gunmen involved in shooting at paris hq of french satirical magazine charlie hebdo -
this issue may need some investigation, shrewd tactics by or what ?
breaking : 10 dead in shooting at headquarters of french satirical weekly - french media citing witnesses .
my lot fuck off troll.
like i said if you did not think muslims were involved u would not care. fuck off
unless it is the eds that carried out this attack ?
it will be your lot again malone you fucking islamist supporting scum.
should not you be shagging someone is mum ?
let me make a wild guess, it was who did it !!!!
this widely shared cartoon about the attack is actually by and not
or is it ... rt : widely shared cartoon about attack actually by not
mt widely shared cartoon about the attack by
does this cartoon mean that hatred cartoons to holy values will continue ?
bullets will never stop the pen !
this widely shared cartoon about the attack is actually by and not ”
the truly is mightier than the sword !
how do you know i thought the graffiti “ artist “ was supposed to be anonymous.
cartoon at is by not ” lazy media often fooled by parody accounts
breaking news : reports of gunfire and hostage in search for suspects in paris attack
breaking news reports of gunfire and hostage in search for suspects in paris attack ”
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
mt reports of gunfire and hostage in search for suspects in paris attack
if you dare watch how islam is blinding our governments
breaking news : hostage situation at supermarket in eastern paris after shots ring out - afp
live on now via hostage situation at supermarket in eastern paris after shots ring out - eight
time to give the virgin dating service a call
- 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting . photo :
where is the outrage from islamist ?
la photo : - 11 dead including 2 police in pparisshooting ”
11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting. photo : ”
11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting. photo : ”
extremism and terrorism has no place in islam
bigoted say the least !
french president hollande condemns " barbaric act " after gun attack kills 11
people like you are the root of the problem. you defend murder and atrocities and blame others
victim sod off somewhere where they have sharia law
offending is not offense 😊 bbrosthe media has done enough offending them
not only do we have the dead to worry about but their families. its outrageous
anyone poses with that silly mask is a juvenile armchair warrior. i fought on the streets.
just imagine if i claimed that all anti-islam are degenerates
can you please remove me from this discussion
that has nothing to do with muslims, it is all about politics.
well we do not get anywhere with this conversation
... happen to have the same religion, ethnicity, nationality or skin color.
unless they commit the act of terror in the name of their religion
okay well now i do not wanna go back to school i do not wanna get killed
were responsible. most of their victims globally are muslims. turkeys do not vote for christmas.
u have a hard time staying polite ? well that says enough.
meanwhile can throw phosphor on palestinians and nobody says anything about it. u think that is real
would rather die than give up being an inclusive society.
almost all world conflicts current involve muslims - guess it is coincidence
you know nothing. the moderate muslims are those that deviate from the original.
i know nothing please read the talmud, then come back with comments plus
mad. i absolutely condemn the attack and those who did it.
then they are no true believers. why can not u grasp this ???
absolutely class absolute mental awareness appreciate ur reply 🎩
sorry i thought i replied to yayshamsaldeen. must have hit the wrong one.
this one has. it is called islam and the terrorists are conducting their attacks in islams name.
limiting mass immigration by backward fascistic peasants with fantasy friends, who hate freedom.
read it states violence against jews and others is fine.
it seems you are defending the terrorist attack, and condemning us. typical.
not i was talking to yayshamsaldeen
i will look at it when i am home. pls answer my question about israel and phosphor
.... not to kill innocent in any circumstances.
because its not the truth. every person who commits terrorist activities, are no true believer.
no that is not true. quran says, respect jews and christians
fuck off you foul shit.
at this moment do you think anyone gives a shit
here here but anywhere other than britain.
no it does not. just shows we are as barbaric as they are
such a stupid comment can only come from someone stupid and ignorant.
can u please stop talking ? appearantly, u know nothing about islam.
ya that will fix the problem
go back to my 1st comment and u will understand my main point (1)
president condemns “ barbaric act “ : gun attack kills 11 ”
now u r escaping from offending muslims to condemning the attack.
here you go. more in duran if you want to enlighten yourself.
well what exactly do you propose ? diplomacy, harsh language, a slap on the wrist ?
no of course it does not even if muslims did the shooting offs
you are an idiot go away. we´ve had enough of muslim violence and murder
dear are attacking muslim countries too, just a simple example.
thank you for insulting me. again, read the talmud !!!!
terrorism has a religion. we know what it is.
at this moment i doubt anyone could give a shit about offending muslims
whether they are or jew.
i pray to god they do not blame muslims. because terrorism has no religion !!!
and u are just one of those many people who are condemning all muslims. generalising its called.
president condemns barbaric act “ after attack kills 11 rt
is signing it is death wish by importing muslims by the thousands every year.
so terrorism did not exist outside of islam ?
keep your head buried and you might just be allowed to keep it.
you are an apologist for barbarians. & lt ; here is why
then explain to me why the world always blame muslims when something wrong happens
u have to know that even muslim countries r attacked (and were attacked) by terrorists !
find the people that did this, then execute them in front of their families
the attack suspects have reportedly fired shots while robbing a petrol station
little shits are just using religion to go around murdering innocent people because they are uneducated no-good thugs
best to shot to kill the muslim shits !!
deluded thieving folks just need to read the right books and stay off drugs !
i hope they catch these cowards alive so they can face justice.
the attack suspects have reportedly fired shots while robbing a petrol station
it appears amp ; louise have rocket launchers, empties !
why have these worthless pricks not been taken out yet ?
do not think they were trying to change the world, revenge was there motive
french official says attack on paris weekly was with kalachnikov automatic rifles and rocket launcher . unprecedented .
by unprecedented of course you mean “ unprecedented since the last atrocity a couple of weeks ago ”
let is forget the massacre in paris & amp ; gaza, not
they thought the crocodile would eat them last.
but as expected. why can so few sees what is coming our way ?
apparently you do not know that is packed with refugees that were expelled by
lets other people live peaceably in israel. arabs & amp ; muslims do not.
just like does not want jordanian refugees on west bank
the number of yes. the principle, no.
but that is nothing compared to is carnage in which killed more than 2000
refugees such violent pigs their own countrymen in egypt, jordan, syria will not take back
they did not appreciate the security council vote ?
if stops brutalizing amp ; imprisoning gaza, rockets stop-there, i fixed it for you
are such violent pigs that egypt is building massive barrier to keep out.
pretty fathomable actually. it is a peaceful thing to do
just buy it what they show u. okey ?
wonder who could be responsible for that ?
if stops attacking violence stops. that simple. listen to son of haas founder
unfathomable. mt attack on paris weekly was w/ kalashnikov automatic rifles and rocket launcher. unprecedented.
fuck off whore does not want u & amp ; building massive wall 2 keep u out
describes how a must kill. a religion of peace, yes
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris . photo
this information has been refuted by the ministry of interior
murderous cunts at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris. photo ”
wrong said 0 kills
just click on this hash tag and enforce reading the news.
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris. photo ”
rt at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris. photo
bought tickets going there end of this month .
its religion of love and peace !
no cartoons there it is a racist attack ! c'eta it terrible !
why what happened there ?
at least two killed in hostage drama east of paris. photo
i was cops and helicopter everywhere
are maybe it is best to avoid visiting france at the moment ?
france is top security official confirms that 3 gunmen carried out the attack on
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
me compare the pink print deluxe dame retook
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
prayers to those who were killed 😔🙏
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
they are crazy. it is not human !!!
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
we appreciate your support merci beau coup
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
do not give fox news page views
always pain your respects where it is due ... n i love u 4 dat
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
i made this game for her, please re tweet to make her notice it
this is so sad 🙏
follow me please please. i am a die hard barb 😭😭😭😢
police say 12 now dead in attack including 2 police officers ; prosecutor says gunmen still at large
what does have to do with this terrorist attack ? scapegoating a tragedy ? come on man ...
great. a pointless attack which will only inflame the passions of the anti-islamists.
shocking ... police say 12 now dead in attack including 2 police officers “
you better ban guns in europe.
a rocket launcher what the ......
update - police say 12 people killed after armed gunmen stormed headquarters of french weekly publication ' charlie hebdo '
as opposed to unarmed gunmen ?
please show the cartoons that these brave ppm drew instead of murder footage.
as opposed to unarmed gunmen ?
is this by any chance the media outlet that satirically depicted prophet mohammad ?
banksy is take on charlie hebdo is simple , elegant & amp ; uncompromising
not but clerk.
not but lucille clerk. ” thank you.
banks is take on charlie held is simple, elegant & amp ; uncompromising ”
“ i don’t feel as though i’m killing someone with a pen . " -stephane charbonnier 1967-2015
congrats on your tweet !
we will defeat the enemies of freedom. i am certain
some pitiful people are clearly frightened of the pen.
these were some most at risk in all of france - this is incompetence
rt i don’t feel as though i’m killing someone with a pen “ stefan char bonnier 1967-2015
i do not feel as though i am killing someone with a pen. “ stephanie char bonnier
then sadly they were not given the necessary resources considering the risks
apparently they did not think so.
i don’t feel as though i’m killing someone with a pen. “ stephanie char bonnier 1967-2015
i don’t feel as though i’m killing someone with a pen. “ stephanie char bonnier 1967-2015
weds 7th of pm 16 bunker lanes, blackburn bb2 6se
the police officers that were there were killed also
shooting suspects tell police they ' prepared to die as martyrs ' - french media
shooting suspects tell police they ' prepared to die as martyrs ' -
may god grant them their wish. hopefully slowly and painfully.
why are they running coward.!
dogs are better than these bastards
attack suspects tell “ prepared to die as martyrs “ — french media
dying in the business of killing people is the basis for martyrdom ?
killed charlie hebdo suspects came out firing on security forces : source
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed charlie held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
if nothing the mattress moment.
rt killed suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
. killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source “
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source ”
gunman takes hostage in paris shop - report
it matters that it is anybody !
gunman takes hostage in paris shop - report ” what is going on
extremely worrying in any case. very bad for the french considering their muslim cultural majority.
let is hope the police can get rid of all this
it seems that is under attack from
gunman takes hostage in paris shop - report ”
there is been another shooting in paris - rt : : gunman takes hostage in paris shop - ”
more gunman takes hostage in market - report ”
rt gunman takes hostage in paris shop - report is under siege
sometimes overlooked that the media is a viable asset of war.
could be they are focusing on one country to start with.
what the fuck is going on in france in these days
read through my and see how much i have disliked mentioning religion this week.
6 people believed to be hostages at paris market , source tells bfmtv ; interior ministry has not confirmed number
so foolish of the people encouraging such actions.
responsible and prudent reporting required for the safety of hostage/s.
public la jean on jumping ... 2 years. my big brothers r in war
keep letting the in the country.
why can not you write the word in your story
more photograph here
no 5 ... and some others are supposed to be in a locked room of the supermarket
do not believe everything said on french tv please. thanks
do you have empathy for the hostages or the hostage takers ?
tight ministry sb ko tight kr la held. bs.
give her the dub la aka ur did m8
hostage-taker in supermarket siege killed , reports say .
all in the name of religion again. so fucking pointless.
hope he died in agony ....
i thought there was two hostage takers ?
in supermarket siege killed, reports say. ”
fucking that is awful
in supermarket siege killed, reports say. ”
yes rt : hostage-taker in supermarket siege killed ,,,psportsay ...
what about his girlfriend wanted by police ?
looks like 6 civilians in the latest photo
in supermarket siege killed, reports say.
wake up world to who terrorists are : hostage-taker in supermarket siege killed,
in supermarket siege killed, reports say. ”
yeah it is terrible. sounds like 4 hostages died in the supermarket.
more : france : shooting , hostage-taking at kosher market in paris ; several reported wounded :
needs to send 2000 planes and start taking the jews out of france
rt more : shooting, hostage-taking at kosher market in paris ; several reported wounded :
breaking news at kosher market in paris ; several reported wounded :
for fucks sake get your act together paris. what are you guy doing ?
more shooting, hostage-taking at kosher market in paris ; several reported wounded : ”
pray for hostages rt shooting, hostage-taking at kosher market in paris ; several reported wounded :
4 cartoonists killed : - charb - cabu - tignous - georges wolinski
4 cartoonists killed : - chart- cab- igneous- georges polanski ”
wow i read this story and i am shocked. what a sad situation ...
not just killed murdered in cold-blood
assassinated. as by the original muslim assassins, the “ hashish “
and 8 anonymous. rt 4 cartoonists killed : - chart- cab- igneous- polanski
4 cartoonists killed : - chart- cab- igneous- georges polanski ” 💔💔
this is terrible prayers for victims
we will never forget you.
was a cartoonist in my generation tv children show ... it is going to impact so much please
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
twelve people confirmed dead in shooting at french satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris
we today for peace amp ; reconciliation in paris
thoughts with all those involved.
sometimes freedom of speech is lacking freedom of wisdom.
amen to prayers for the dead, injured and bereaved.
watch the video see the evil truth of islam
nice either well trained insurgents or false flag sorry
oh but it is only a few dysfunctional individuals
so shocking thoughts are with all of those involved !
political correctness strikes again more proof gun control is a failed policy.
it will be interesting to see how the guardian explains this away ...
photo of the 2 cartoonists killed in the attack on in today . rip . via .
in are you crazy ? this is not unfortunately.
is a nonce is for spastics
did not they carry guns ?
photo of the 2 cartoonists killed in the attack on in today. rip. via.
yep there are different types of guns though paul
rip photo of the 2 cartoonists killed in the attack on in rip. via. ”
photo of the 2 cartoonists killed in the attack on in today. rip via. ”
reminds me of the van goth relative in hollandrip the front line staff propaganda is dangerous work
talented cartoonists. rip. shame on brainwashed religious fanatics, who do not have sense of humor !
the guy on the right is -s director.
paris attack suspects have taken a hostage . french police have them cornered near paris airport . live :
on 24 live news stream : all the latest news 24/7
more : massacre suspects believed to have taken hostage and holed up in small industrial town northeast of paris :
motivated by amp interventions as well :
the area northeast of paris where shots were fired in the manhunt for charlie hebdo attackers
real cannot be terrorists ”
has been hijacked by barbarism & amp ; vandalism. so
real cannot be terrorists ”
strongly condemns this terrorist attack on the charlie held
is condemnation message of terrorism ”
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
charlie hebdo journalist wandrille lanos tells france 2 that men with kalashnikovs entered the office , calls it a "
it is the way.
i would check the contacts with russian secret services.
two shot in paris , including traffic cop , as manhunt continues for suspects
theres also an explosion in a restaurant there.
pencils as 9-11 all the cartoon responses are cartoonists as victims. where is the defiance ?
it happens 1 hour not very reactive, big issues with data evaluation
police : four of france is most celebrated cartoonists killed : charb , cabu , wolinski , & amp ;
sad. talent that will be missed.
time to go to the gun range. scary world out there
this is so incredibly sad. their loved ones are in our prayers.
thanks for sharing. see your update on my :
prayers for supports freedom of the press !!!
breaking : gunman at paris store threatens to kill hostages if suspects are harmed .
breaking gunman at paris store threatens to kill hostages if suspects are harmed. ”
tweets getting you down dont you have other jew hating friends you can commiserate with ??
before began ceding control of neighborhoods to islamist ...
your selfish. u are not even a human. another alien like your friend
the terrorist had meeting with president in 2009
breaking gunman at paris store threatens to kill hostages if suspects are harmed. ” sh
breaking gunman at paris store threatens to kill hostages if suspects are harmed. ” smfh
breaking gunman at paris store threatens to kill hostages if suspects are harmed. ”
seems it would behoove police to kill that particular gunman first then.
well that guys a nut.
willing to live in peace. idiot
u meant terrorist. huge difference
had meeting with former president in 2009
urgent : 3 gunmen involved in deadly attack on - french interior minister
all in the name of oil.
right one is inside the car
did one of them drop his shoe ? surely catch those cunts
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
great post why not post on proximity based travel network ?
killed charlie hebdo suspects came out firing on security forces : source ( afp )
killed held suspects came out firing on security forces : source (eight)
and now reports of a possible fourth shooting incident at trocadero near eiffel tower . trying to get confirmation .
unfounded by sky news and french intelligence
false according to interior ministry.
every time a car backfires in paris this will be the response
trouble can not be long before the french surrender ... as suchsopleasedo notmurderme
picture tweeted on my time line.
so nothing to do with cartoons, just out-and-out terrorists ?
and let is have uncontrolled borders while islamofascists run riot
there are reports of an armed incident at the trocadero near the eiffel tower .
no news about what he did or is doing though it is all very vague atm
thus is another wt
this is just getting crazy 😔
they do not all murder people. stop generalizing.
everyone just needs to stay at home
now confirmed as a false alarm thankfully.
unconfirmed. lets keep our hats on for a moment.
apparently there is another man near the eiffel tower with a gun as well.
so all the peacefully living in america practice this. every single one of them
all are the same “ is like saying that every snowflake is exactly alike
breaking : police official confirms that 12 have died in the attack on the headquarters
breaking police official confirms that 12 have died in the attack on the headquarters
breaking police official confirms that 12 have died in the attack on the headquarters
- 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting . photo
11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting. photo ”
et mere. 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting. photo ”
oh my god rt - 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting.
11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting. photo ”
how do you know that the attackers were muslims ?
suspect in montrouge killing also suspected in today is market standoff in paris , source tells cnn affiliate bfmtv .
hopefully they kill them all.
killing must never be forgiven !!! will be frowning. i am sure.
leave them. kill them
just leave the innocent people of paris alone
police say 11 now dead in " carnage " at hq in paris - follow our coverage :
agree with many things you say just not this one.
how did you arrive at the conclusion that the outlawed muslim brotherhood occupies the us white house ?
racist what does race have to do with any of this ?
are a waste of space and must be eliminated.
long live and it is people.
a few you say ?? you are the ignorant one.
. i can give you chapter-and-verse on islam and terrorism. do not waste my time.
. you have bought the “ peaceful islam “ myth and the “ ship = good “ ...
rt police say 11 now dead in “ carnage “ at hq in paris.
. typed history of muslims “ into search engine. got the following :
i walk by god is side, you would be one of his followers, you would understand ...
. they are the same. the end.
. that does not make it true.
i like to differentiate the two. that is how i do it.
. the ones who chant “ death to america “ or the ones who chant ...
i had a roommate in my younger years. great guy.
it is not a hijacking of islam, that is islam. ” true
keep telling yourself that. is that the new pc narrative now ?? go fuck yourself
are not the peaceful muslims i speak of.
that is your differentiation. . but anyway. read and you will learn.
police say 11 dead in carnage “ @ hq in paris - follow coverage : ” !
i believe in secular
sign of under education to behave like this during discussion. . pleasant eve to u
awful police say 11 now dead in “ carnage “ at hq in paris (cc)
bravo u got the fact read more u will find out that the other 75%
. there. are. none. goodbye.
. ... your uneducated arrogant young ass out of here. i am 53. go away.
. ... death to israel “ ?
. what is a mosley ?
good in and iran.
yeah its heartbreaking what happened
. it is all about control. and everyone is the victim/target in islam.
. if that is her pic, i more than twice her age. waste of time.
is a philosophical doctrine. ignorance is lack of knowledge or the acceptance of it.
yes considering what happened in the past if you know any history it is few actions
that is what i said !!
. do you know about islam, or do you just think i do not know about islam ?
the people in are good, not the leadership.
update police say 11 now dead in “ carnage “ at ”
... and are 2 different things.
. they both ran the instant they discovered they were not going to indoctrinate me
terrorism is used to inflict fear and foreboding into its ' victims or targeted populations.
the pagan moon god and his pedophile prophet
sounds ignorant when you say “ they are all barbarians. “ always room to learn more
. do not give me relativity bullshit. reality is reality.
are not
is one who speaks your way
are being squashed by the army. i do not speak for mb.
. the brotherhood and the ayatollah are good ?? you are nuts.
i see the reality in paris and in yemen and in saki.
act your age and teach me then, rather than foaming like a 2 year old
generally his true followers are not racist never.
... what he is all about, so do not you argue with me honey. ❤
i know your experiences are different from mine.
. you sound ignorant as hell. you are wasting my time with your bullshit. bye.
all are terrorists or back them.
it is not a hijacking of islam, that is islam.
yet totally proper for and judaism. very tolerant these peaceful ones.
you are all aware that terrorists do not share the same beliefs as all islamist ?
. bullshit said otherwise : want koran quotes ?
. ... you are beyond help. good day.
. the originated in egypt, and if you believe in “ moderate “ ...
. how are we going to do that with the muslim brotherhood in the oval office ?
smear the people converting to islam ...
i will not go myself, it is a joke ? believe what you want poor you.
do not
.... just like he would like his followers to be.
the us should heed this harbinger ; warning signs in paris for months. sad, sick.
apparently you r a total ignorant of what islam is, u r forgiven till you educate usaf more
. when you get blown to bits by a damned pressure cooker do not call me
by the as hoping you will see the truth one day soon. is ...
... and lot of people around the world are ignorant.
me blinked n missed it !
scene at as police hunt suspects - follow our coverage :
.... cows at work.
somehow i do not think this is going to trial.
pay no attention to the man behind the curtain and in other news bigfoot wins lotto
hope police use the double tap on these scum
shocking driving just to get the footage first.
how long before the fox & amp ; badger brigade complain about the unfairness of terrorist hunting ?
same to you sandy.
the harder they come the harder they fall.
special forces do not muck about ...
ridiculous video coverage view from a reuters car causing havoc in the rain. ???
country men taking revenge at paris city resident over tax increase nothing to do with faith
hope no more innocent people get hurt by these psychopaths
no trail no courts hang them. if they are the one.
all the suspects are called ' lee harvey oswald '. that is just so amazing.
reports of shooting at dammartin en goele on route n2 north east of paris - french media says car chase
take them alive so they can suffer
the suspect in a paris kosher supermarket siege killed two people and is holding hostages
but no thanks.
that info killed in incenses, east paris) has been denied by the paris
wrong information ... check your source. it is a shame
the suspect in a kosher supermarket siege killed two people and is holding hostages
no. they have not killed any. it was a false rumor. re-check your sources
no i was talking to not there are indeed 5 hostages but no victims at the moment
the ministry of interior has denied it. wait for their confirmation before you publish anything please
none said the minister of justice
the suspect in a paris kosher supermarket siege killed two people and is holding hostages ” sheeshh
the suspect in a paris kosher supermarket siege killed two people and is holding hostages ”
he did not kill 2 people. please stop spreading wrong information.
killed according to authorities. check your info before tweeting
the suspect in a paris kosher supermarket siege killed two people and is holding hostages
update : french interior ministry says trocadero security scare is a false alarm .
while a vital they have more factually incorrect gossip than vera at the launderette !
very glad this is a false alarm !!!
i never would have noticed your tweet without the enormous yellow banner.
glad it is a false alarm, but in times like this, how about confirming before scaremongering ?
‘ banksy ’ instagram tribute to victims not posted by artist ( pic : lucille clerc )
why was she an is here
war profiteers x would in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
i like this image. it says it all.
it is work of check your resources !!!!!!
and via
banks ’ instagram tribute to victims (pic : lucille clerk) ” brilliant picture
powerful. but important that between today and tomorrow the pencil is sharpened
2 brothers suspected of attack spotted in northern france , sources tell afp
i wonder where they were trying to get to * cough * britain * cough * ....
i respect all ppm in every religion but the conspiracy to discredit islam is obvious now.
how do we interpret the beheading and killing of non-muslims on our streets and throughout the world ?
no it is not this is one of murder and his speech
look at the in burma, sir lana, india burning muslims who are poor and homeless.
good or bad ppm. their behavior not necessary that related to their religion.
car chase rt 2 brothers suspected of attack spotted in northern france, sources tell eight
let is not spread news of all attacks taking place in the name of islam shall we ?
show some respect for these innocent journalists and policemen who were killed ! !
and your point being that all featured in the pictures you have posted are brainwashed. sickening really
. that does not hide the fact people use religion as an excuse to kill
its pointless explaining to atheists that there is religion, its like saying we were born from nowhere.
i think that is what i said. who is the idiot ?
we evolved. get over it !
v 2 brothers suspected of attack spotted in northern france, sources tell eight
stop torturing innocent people and killed them. idiot
there are extremist elements in nearly every religion. it is down to individuals how it is interpreted.
word in any crime then non-muslim not identify his religion ?
no point in preaching to me, an atheist ! ban every religion i say !
in the name of god ?
of course it is where in my past comments did i say it was ? gobshite !
interpret it as a horrific act of unjustifiable violence by individuals. not an entire religion.
but if its we can not get over it.
how media spreads hate for islam & amp ; muslims
has also contributed a powerful message of perseverance & amp ; support after attack .
not by by a french cartoonist.
has contributed a powerful msg of perseverance/support after attack. ”
this powerful cartoon about the charlie hebdo attack is not by banksy
her stuff is great !
is the bad his pseudo-subversive preaching mixed with hard not swagger intimidates me
what are banks is views on society ?
this powerful cartoon is not by banks ” it is indeed elegantly powerful.
this powerful cartoon about the charlie held attack is not by banks ”
his artwork will answer that for you my friend. the creative language of art.
damn rt this powerful cartoon about the charlie held attack is not by banks ”
they should not even support those religious fuck you god jesus and those religious boss i do not know
this cartoon about the charlie held attack is not by banks
it is clerk. rt : this cartoon about the charlie held attack is not banks
eyewitness : terrorists said , “ tell the media that this is al qaeda in the yemen ” before attacking
yeah giving weapons to terrorists usually stops them in the future ... low
do not touch he is done “ in russian
. remember when was cited as the example we hoped syria op would turn out like ...
i want to listen to it again, but can not watch it again
need someone who speaks both languages fluently to give their opinion
or quite they could speak russian clearly too
this video captured some clear vocals - it sure sounds like it.
yes but good to publicize both points of view then at least one can be discounted
there are also known nationals who joined isis from tatarstan and other muslim regions
. was right after all.
not but there are chechen and dagestani, - and reports that most cruel
surely authorities are analyzing audio
think we need someone who speaks both languages fluently
true. but let is keep a fair amount of skepticism meanwhile
and we confirmed. thats language. and without accent
do you speak to make a proper assessment ?
it is possible they switched to french- but i heard russian
i think we are on the same page ... important to post it ...
probably best not to its horrific they need hanging by their balls for a week
the link i tweeted from fm originally tweeted by is an excerpt so not too graphic
you are right just trying to raise awareness important point
heard all their top brass is chechen ?
do you guys speak to make a proper assessment ?
i had to stop the feed after seeing the policeman
yes i could not bear to see that .... just horrible.
did you listen to it ?
it no accent whatsoever. they were russian.
there is like a regiment size of a company there i think. top brass - no way
i am certainly no language expert, but it was quite audible to me
i can not watch it or listen again. but, to me, it was very clear.
very beginning after first i think - can not bring myself to watch again
maybe will give the and there may be no more attacks on france.
pt appears to speak “ - language expert obviously needed to confirm
the policeman right there. horrid
update - french television channel ' france 2 ' are reporting that the hostage held by suspected gunmen is male
your the first person i have seen condemn these attacks
that is fucked that then.
the are not handling this well !
poor guy must be terrified.
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack against all humankind as a turkish muslim.
is the printing firm the print firm of charlie held paper ???
so not female then as you reported earlier ... 50/50 chance and you got it wrong ...
afp : suspected gunmen have been killed
then send them to the countries the supported as a sign. we are not backing down
and shove a copy of up their ass
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ” hoping that this is now the end
like a logo ', ' and done
it will never be the end
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ” five la france
true. perhaps they should all grow some
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ” yayyy
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ”
great outcome. all murderers dead. all hostages freed. great job by french police
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ” lt ; & lt ;
got the bastards : eight : suspected gunmen have been killed ”
enjoy the 40 virgins
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ” day
wonder if get the impression we are sick of these extremists and how the government just let them in
stick em full of pencils.
rt eight suspected gunmen have been killed
go on shoot em again just to make sure
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ”
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ”
eight suspected gunmen have been killed ” bang night
update : two hostage situations in france are linked , paris prosecutor says :
knew that 3 hours ago via bbc news
i thought had a better grip on things ~
please free the and let them be reunited with their families.
rt update two hostage situations in france are linked, paris prosecutor says :
update two hostage situations in france are linked, paris prosecutor says : ”
they should not take kindness for weakness b/c they will be tracked down.
france is most talented cartoonists : cabu , wolinski , charb , tignous died in attack
let us weep for a day (or 2 days ? )
they were murdered in cold blood
terrorism has no religion “ lets stop this nonsense
agreed they were the best !! they will be missed !
stills from eyewitness video show two attackers wearing hoods & amp ; black clothing shoot a wounded man
that poor man pictured was a police officer
the man might have been a wounded police officer as per tv news coverage
evil 2 men wearing hoods & amp ; black clothing shoot a wounded man
i hope they are taken alive
brain washed fanatics. the amount of fervor needed to commit such a horrific act is unimaginable.
video show two attackers wearing hoods & amp ; black clothing shoot a wounded man ”
ahmed merabet , a french muslim cop , first victim of attack ,
rest in peace ... murdered by cowards ...
rip so very sad.
and your point what about the 11 non muslims are they insignificant
sending prayers for him and his family/friends
the religion of “ piece ! “ death to all jihad is !
a dreadful waste of life. thoughts with his family and colleagues. xx
amen to that brother. he was unarmed, local police, who normally deal with parking tickets
' just doing his job, i hope, he passed peacefully
reuters : 10 people shot dead at headquarters of french satirical weekly publication charlie hebdo in after gunmen stormed the
what lone this is a massive pack of angry vicious wolves
and quite close to home for me for obvious reasons.
10 people shot dead in after gunmen stormed office ” what have you done now
meanwhile our politicians continue to keep the doors wide open to these people. merkel is an ignorant bitch
nothing to do with again ?
more lone wolves i suspect.
unconfirmed reports gunmen asked for people by name before killing editor and cartoonist
too bad they were not smart enough to arm themselves.
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
unconfirmed reports gunmen asked for people by name before killing editor and cartoonist ”
and the police on bikes had to retreat because they chose not to be armed !
the two suspects in the have been located , reports say .
let is just hope that they have not rigged the building to blow or have hostages.
do not complain then when their version says the same and they act on it.
that is it give the terrorists updates.
so do not insult them then.
where do we get a bet on that ??
no shoot on sight !
if give legitimacy to palestine terrorism than its no surprise held
just like do when people are blown up in muslim countries by western military.
show them the same compassion they did their innocent victims
no do not shoot them. bring them in and torture them.
praying no more innocents die !
exactly mate. what scares me as well is the book they all live by promotes these actions.
every time someone is killed in afghanistan, syria, pakistan, iraq to name a few .......
ten dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo – live updates
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
president is reportedly on his way to
ten dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held – live updates ”
ten dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held – live updates ”
11 dead now including 2 policemen
ten dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held – live updates ”
ten dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held – live updates ”
really hope it is not connected to there is cartoon
charlie hebdo shooting is a ferociously shocking moment with terrible implications for us all : twelve now dead .
guys i hope you are joking.
ya. implications for left journalist islamist apologists look bleak.
the left intelligentsia had to be dragged kicking and screaming into the fight against the nazis
you are pretty laughable when pressed are not you ?
what is this got to do with islam ? these scum kill more muslims than non-muslims.
we will reap what we sow.
the magazine widely resented in france to be too pro islam and anti israel ... ?
most were not do not worry, we only executed very few nazis.
here we go ... are like nazis. you read jihad watch do not you ?
.... it undoubtedly calls for restraint and for sober assessment of the factors involved. “ absolutely.
mt shooting a ferociously shocking moment with terrible implications for us all. 12 now dead
some some drivel about germany and a thatcher quote. like i said. laughable.
absolutely devastated. vive la liberty !!!
time for a new war ? somewhere ? anywhere ?
maybe should show support for freedom of speech/fellow journo by showing the ch cover on tonight is show
this is how world wars start
breaking : another hostage situation developing in a parisian kosher supermarket
this has not even been confirmed connected to, no ?
... untold stories .... read share follow enjoy ....
rural region of northern france searched in hunt for gunmen - latest updates
did shoot not happen in paris
it is well meaning but clueless people like you such imagery targets
fuck off do not spread this ill person as a hero !
the policemen who died protecting the charlie who ridiculed his faith
paris massacre suspects holding one hostage : police source
rt massacre suspects holding one hostage : police source
massacre suspects holding one hostage : police source ” |
rt massacre suspects holding one hostage : police source.
massacre suspects holding one hostage : police source ”
rt massacre suspects holding one hostage : police source
if there is only one hostage police need to storm the factory and kill the terrorists !
massacre suspects holding one hostage : police source
shooting south of paris with one police officer injured . police say no known link to attack
i dint know is that insecure and the way they condemn africa
this is consumable but where is human rights in palestine journalist kill by israel ???
they are not. a mosque has also been firebombed last night in southern france
that is sad but also expected after an event like this. there will always be violent people
they seem to be slow to update its all a bit fast paced over there
i have just watched them talk about it, claiming north african assailant saying it looks connected !
you are another shooting ?!
i hate terrorist attack they kill innocent souls
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
this was a well-planned attack : the gunmen hit in the middle of the weekly conference , with all staff
smells like an inside to me anyways.
some one on the staff leaked something start with any muslim employees
not triggered by the artistic release of “ the interview ? “
paris-based journalist says the attack on charlie hebdo is hq involved men armed with " rocket propelled grenades "
moderate need to protest and not allow the radical elements to create chaos and mayhem
looks like every charlie hebdo cartoonist has been killed : 1 . charb - was on al-qaeda is hit list
give them an they blow up a mile.
background sees the deep state.
then they must recruit some more cartoonists and continue publishing cartoons.
gunmen at is paris hq shouted they had " avenged the prophet " , reports say
avenged you idiots. all you have done is make more people hate muslims.
it is a very small number of extremists damaging the reputation of the entire religion
why must i be careful what i say ?
sensible is the word you should have used
of course they do mental illness, poverty and religious fanaticism are the perfect combination for hatred.
they live to and brainwash ....
it was sarcasm. there is no army. i was making a point to this deluded racist.
what about extremists in like the westboro baptist church ? shall i judge christians based on that ?
these people are no doubt.
feel free to come and gibe me a knock ...... just make sure you have health insurance
very sad situation however be careful what you say sad pathetic racist.
the number is not as small as you think ..... do not be fooled
i am on your side here buddy, hahn
not because of because it is a peaceful religion, but because of these individuals twisted beliefs
if your beliefs are where is the billion-strong muslim army destroying everything in it is path ?
why should you come and kill me ? who says you should do that ?
sigh it seems you actually know nothing,
is not a race you brainless idiot
but scholar who has a degree in all things religious
they may loathe gays but at least they do not hang them. your point is invalid
who are nice the french or the terrorists ?
you are fucking bastard he only far 1 part from the conversation now i would love to kill
i really do not care if i offend you ........ in fact i am glad i offend you
defense vs going to another country in another time and killing possibly innocent people is different.
defending themselves seems pretty rational and justified, would not you agree ?
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
i thought it was obvious you are being offensive you dumb fuck.
the difference is do not actually do it
bro as we we are taught not to hurt anybody in any way unless they hurt us
yes it seems so ....... plenty of evidence to back you up on that
exactly because they realism that it is stupid
deluded sensible and you are calling him brainless ?
you are not answering my replies that disprove yours and now you are changing the topic to stoning ?
and i am pretty sure it was not god who said that it was man.
you must travel your own road ....................
the media certainly help with that too.
you know you can just read half the words i said
only he without sin can cast the first stone.
oh sorry mate. i thought you were talking to me
where did you hear this ? the all-so-reliable media ? thought so
okay what word should i have used ?
that idolaters should be stone.
all media globally should now print/broadcast material in full
congrats two versus that represent the whole book. gg is dude.
you believe that gays should be hung and you are gonna call me stupid ?
update - afp says gunman who has taken a hostage at kosher supermarket in paris believed to be suspect in
eight says gunman who has taken a hostage at kosher supermarket in paris
hostage taken at kosher hypercacher vincennnes
which means the psycho is ruthless and will shoot all. attack is the best defense.
presume they wanted a. so much for martyrdom. why a kosher deli particularly ?
you will have to sign in. france false flag shooting -- attackers spliced in + cops cut
does he have a script to take away more freedoms.
hunted excellent police hope the other two follow soon
looks like a deliberate attempt to split the french police action a cause confusion.
a 3rd shooting at present divert operations ?
sound like he has thought this one through
breaking : hostage taken after charlie hebdo suspects sighted north of paris
just shared your tweet on my site :
breaking hostage taken after charlie held suspects sighted north of paris ” praying for all🙏🇫🇷💙❤🇫🇷
breaking hostage taken after charlie held suspects sighted north of paris via
one suspect in the shooting has handed himself in ; two others remain at large :
ill prepared false flag a kalashnikov has a quite powerful recoil !!! ,
all leaders from society should clearly condemn these killers and whomever motivated these killers.
keep rt the of those 2 goon punks !!
hey want to your productivity ? look at this :
really would not have picked it
a psychological handicapped personality added to a lack of knowledge builds a human bomb
at least 12 dead in the paris shooting . updated story and background info :
i condemn this cowardly attack carried out, attacking the hands are broken ; asshole and ...
awful. rt at least 12 dead in the paris shooting.
the liberal leftist should be feeling as good as deblasio today over this.
that is the only story and background info you need. islam.
more madness tragic “ : at least 12 dead in the paris shooting. ”
is probably gonna recognize isis now.
i just feel sick rt “ : at least 12 dead in paris shooting. updated story : ”
at least 12 dead in the paris shooting. updated story and background info :
as we the country which easily accept mosley immigrant,
paris police say 11 dead after shooting at french satirical weekly charlie hebdo
press freedom cannot and will not be repressed - through unity and consciousness we will rise.
terrible if only people did not hand out guns : … jeffrey epstein also member of car+trilateral commission
10 dead 5 wounded and one cockroach
police say 11 dead after shooting at french satirical weekly charlie held ”
the world has gone crazy.
breaking : paris prosecutor : gunman with hostages in kosher market in eastern paris ; police swat on scene .
500 m from my daughter s school and we can not pick up the kids !!!
that is so not kosher.
they re all safe. prayers for the victims and their families
so sorry for this. i hope they are all safe and sound soon
breaking : hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le monde
via hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le mode
that is all 3 ... excellent nasty islamist scum. worthless ... let them feed the worms ...
excellent news get out the champers and pork scratching to celebrate !
rt breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le mode
breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket dead : le mode ”
done. rt breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le mode
breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le mode ”
breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le mode ”
breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le mode ”
breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern paris dead : le mode “
breaking hostage taker at kosher supermarket siege in eastern dead : le mode ”
breaking : french police say they have located whereabouts of two suspects said to be behind attacks in paris more
just go get them and stop advertising ...
why would they advertise that ??
peace and to you all !!!!
police say they have located whereabouts of two suspects said to be behind attacks in paris via
now why oh why would they advertise that before arresting them ?
policeman seriously injured in new shooting as seven arrests made - live updates
murders breaking video ; & gt ;
it seems it not over yet ...!
french radio says attackers on offices of paris weekly ran out yelling " allahu akbar "
and that makes them ? i can shout that and in an atheist.
not lone wolves this time then. when will they learn ?
all are not terrorist but all terrorist are muslims.
only after it is way too late and millions have to die to stamp out the savage muslims.
i am told brushing microphone to tell it has nothing to do with islam.
. of course they were !..
it is years since warned europe. people called him names. now people die.
figures .... when will and the eu learn.
breaking : paris police say 12 dead after shooting at charlie hebdo
terrible ... die breaking : police say 12 dead after shooting at charlie held
hopefully you will not let bruce cruelty apologize for the terrorists this time ...
2011 cruelty wrote hard to have much sympathy for the french satirical newspaper firebombed “
this is a stab at freedom of speech !
breaking police say 12 dead after shooting at charlie held ”
2011 bruce cruelty anti piece = = sgt ;
i would say such pandering to the “ islamophobia “ myth encourages the violent.
horrible breaking : paris police say 12 dead after shooting at charlie held ”
breaking police say 12 dead after at ” just waking up to this horrible news
the real face of # murders
breaking police say 12 dead after shooting at charlie held ” sh
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you .....
crisis in france - massacre suspects take hostage at business near paris - policewoman-killer takes hostages at supermarket in east
and now a 3rd situation at the eiffel tower ? woh.
get to know your neighbors for sure !
what is going on in france they can not catch a break ...
just crazy. has to protect their culture from these barbarians.
one hostage at the print shop in dam martin, five hostages at the kosher grocery.
locked and friend
charlie hebdo shooting : twelve dead at paris offices of satirical magazine – live updates
rt held shooting : twelve dead at paris offices of satirical magazine – live updates
held shooting : twelve dead at paris offices of satirical magazine – live updates ”
held shooting : twelve dead at paris offices of satirical magazine – live updates ”
held shooting : twelve dead at paris offices of satirical magazine – live updates ”
held shooting : twelve dead at paris offices of satirical magazine – live updates ”
: trocadero square in paris is evacuated . unconfirmed reports of a gunman there
square in paris is evacuated. unconfirmed reports of a gunman there ”
has strict gun laws. criminals ignore laws. founding fathers wanted us to protect ourselves
how is that been working out for you ?
square in paris is evacuated. unconfirmed reports of a gunman there ” mg
is take on .
gets it right. : is take on. ”
hostage-taker at paris grocery is suspect in fatal shooting of officer ; official confirms that shooting linked to newspaper attack
at a kosher market ! or are you antisemitic ?
update - telegraph reporter henry samuels tells sky news 10 people have been killed in shooting at charlie hebdo headquarters
the religion of ' pieces ' strikes again.
how is that an update to the previous tweet when it contains no new information ?
gallery : tank & amp ; armoured car seen near seige outside paris ( by )
so much for media not reporting locations of police/military units.
these fuckers have got a 5 star wanted level ! haha [*****]
did not occur to you that there is an army training camp nearby ?
tank amp armored car seen near sage outside paris (by)
i hope these pricks soon meet their end, however, a tank is a little overkill ?
this is not a tank.
a tank the police are taking no chances !
look at the wheels not a tank
its on a car probably unconnected to events.
a tank has tracks ... this is an amx-10rc reconnaissance vehicle and a bbl light scout vehicle.
nuclear heads armed and aimed towards 2 suspects. what are we becoming ? sooooft.
breaking : another shooting and hostage situation is reported in paris , at least 2 dead
why are you ' ' ing
no confirmation for any only injured people
these extremist need to be terminated from the face of the earth, religion of peace my ass
you do not get. do not worry
not true. we do not know yet.
oh it is very true ....
oh god help !
what in blazes is going on ???
breaking another shooting and hostage situation is reported in paris, at least 2 dead ”
breaking : two brothers suspected of terror attacks in paris killed , according to reports in france
terror effect new fears of attacks worldwide
great news rt two brothers suspected of attacks in paris killed, according to reports ”
video footage of the the paris shooting from french tv , via , including a shout of allahu akbar
and people have to defend & amp ; protect from the evil enemy - i mean israel
is not terrorist. is terrorist because israel kill many islam people in gaza, palestine
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkishmuslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
well that was such a caricature of the diverse reality of islam, was not it ?
that slogan can be easily used to mislead terrorists ' trace ...
wonder what bill maker will have to say about this ??????
remember when bill maker said that they will kill you if you draw the wrong picture ?
what we know so far about the major operation northeast of paris
don’t let them die as martyrs !!
what we know so far about the major operation northeast of paris
what we know so far about the major operation northeast of paris
the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute
not fucking banks. the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute ”
the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute via
the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute ”
rt the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute ”
the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute ”.
the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute via
the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute ”
credit. the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute ”
on 12 dead in paris after no terror attack ' on magazine | washable
the artist behind this iconic pencil tribute ”
anything can resonate when it is forced to be popular.
the artists behind the hate media that evokes violence in the guise of freedom of speech.
terrorism will never stop freedom of expression !
the weapons recently gave to terrorists were for killing people in & amp ; not … …
never care of haters. just think of that image. that clearly has a message.
that exit through the gift shop was pure genius.
hundreds of police at siege in dammartin-en-goele . follow our coverage :
hope no one else gets hurt, or killed, apart from the brothers.
. alright stop foaming at the mouth, it is just a police operation.
read about the success ' with such an attempt here
i am very not much sleep last night, then a wasted journey this morning.
and prayers to call french people, this stops today.
had you meant the terrorists it would be inappropriate
highly but there is something nice about their uniforms ...
two terrorists against the military, could be a close call.
you should try n get some rest.
i shall my thoughts and prayers to all of france, this must stop today.
seems though there is another shoot out in paris, also the brothers have hostage.
israeli news is carrying a live interview with a woman whose niece is one of the hostages in . niece
you will not succeed.
you are a real historian ! buy a history book first.
i am not but support israel so this is what we want :
what good is oil or money when your head is being chopped off ?
we will let u know soon !
almost old enough for a jihad bride !
block the entire free world while you are at it ! denying the forces behind this is plain
always a pleasure to meet another infidel, i am sure. where are you from ?
bombs our children and they want to find more excuses
it is your state which is meddling everywhere from iraq to middle east
oh wow ... you are such a bright light in the current darkness ...
you are blocked as well. in your head, that is ...
stop terrorizing and you will not get bombed. it is that simple.
would this situation in part be motivated by a recently destroyed strip ?
worry i agree because u r nt in th habit of listening t reality ! read
if u kill and bomb or children tnt expect to get chocolates in return
charlie hebdo killers tell police : ' we are ready to die as martyrs '
disgraceful claiming they represent the muslim god absolutely horrendous
why bother to keep them alive when they deserve to die as the islamic cowards they are ?
sounds a good deal to me !!
media machine on max bs setting
then today is your lucky day, have fun. i will have a bacon butty to celebrate !
. only they will not die as martyrs but as idiots. snall difference.
no great shock. please deny them the opportunity if possible.
then come out and fight you cowardly armholes.
good it will save a lot of time and money, then keeping the filth in jail !
c among you guys make their day ! quickly !!
of course captured dead so no trial and false flag op successful wake up
terrifying account . attackers spoke perfect french , eyewitness says rt via
because they true francophone.
breaking : french authorities say the two terrorists are still " armed and extremely dangerous . "
please help fund this documentary against religious homophobia in
so where is the third ?
no shit after murdering 12 people, they did not just lay down their weapons ?
armed with kalachnikovs & amp ; rocketlauncher , 2 men open fire at french satirical mag charlie hebdo that published
cc 10 killed by follower of religion of peace.
what town is this in.
. clearly a terrorist attack. no part of the world is safe anymore.
wow. rocket launchers in what about istanbul who was behind it ?
how did they get them in france ?
peaceful peoples ' peaceful reaction to art & amp ; creativity.
when are the is going to stop selling arms to these messengers of peace ?
any forthcoming fuck fuck mohammad.
paris murder suspects cornered with hostage
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
murder suspects cornered with hostage the criminals and rescue the hostages please
literally ... when these terrorists attacks going to finish .... praying for the victims.
1 hostage war zone in dam martin
breaking : gunman linked to ' charlie hebdo ' shooters takes hostages at kosher grocery store
breaking gunman linked to ' charlie held ' shooters takes hostages at kosher grocery store ”
they are just going for olympic gold in the racist zealots ' competition are not they ?
tell it like it is ... “ muslim terrorist gunmen “ quit downplaying facts.
breaking are you all on dial-up ? check with the a.p. !!
these guys are not martyrs ever
maybe this is the real third suspect. not the mythological 18yo in ne france.
pa a la mode ankh, but must share article la.
11 dead in paris shooting at french satirical newspaper charlie hebdo , police official says -
11 dead in paris shooting at french satirical newspaper, police official says - ”
praying for and all affected by these deaths.
12 people died and 4 people between life and death !
no it is a terrorist attack
that is religion of peace for ya
rt 11 dead in paris shooting at french satirical newspaper charlie held, police official says -
its a very shameful act must be condemned on mass scale.
rt 11 dead in paris shooting at french satirical newspaper charlie held
two people reportedly seriously hurt in a shootout in the hunt for the gunmen
stop telling me to stop blaming religion go tell them to stop using religion to justify murder !
i hope they suffer a horrific painful ending
we do not condone terror but what do we gain by attacking mosques ?????
the world is perfectly safe from me, i am not a mosley
i also wish that said and his brother be caught and executed, but the mosques ????? hmmmm
i have never attacked a mosque, a mosley, islam condones everything hateful
are you gt & lt ; going to keep making excuses for islam
your reporters behaving like vultures. step back a bit !
just so i can get this clear. your comparing to these so called islamic terrorists
not you but there have been revenge attacks on mosques
is it or these are extremists, even in usa there have been christian fundamentalists, religion
i am sure head will explode any minute now if this continues.
why do not you gt ;
breaking news : shots fired , hostages taken in town northeast of paris
breaking news shots fired, hostages taken in town northeast of paris ” uh oh
news shots hostages taken in town northeast of via
rt breaking news shots fired, hostages taken in town northeast of paris
breaking news shots fired, hostages taken in town northeast of paris
banksy account joins cartoonists support for
thanks to for provenance ()
the tweet is about crediting the original artist, which the banks account failed to do.
its a chagrin i think you will find.
yup though still open to misinterpretation, i think. damn this character limit !
this pencil sketch being red from banks is account is actually by ”
it is a fan account - banks is not on twitter.
ripping off photos on twitter is so widespread !
presumably. it is a good idea. likewise photographers. people do not get copyright.
... which is leading to banks is being falsely accused of plagiarism.
attack suspects take 1 person hostage north-east of paris ( police source )
attack suspects take 1 person hostage north-east of paris ”
suspects take 1 person hostage north-east of pparis(opolicesource )”
french cartoonists charb , cabu , tignous and wolinski all killed in charlie hebdo attack
the word should not be. it is.
this man deserves a posthumous medal, the highest civil honor france can award.
paris is on the highest terrorist alert after 12 people were shot dead at the offices of a satirical weekly
is on the highest terrorist alert after 12 people. 。 ”
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkishmuslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
for a magazine that had been widely criticized of being overly pro islam and anti israel
more : official : gunman holding at least five hostages in paris market has threatened to kill them if police
chicken finally came home to roost ... nato. started this in afghanistan ....
two words .... political correctness ....
is financing terror in india ... through pakistan .... a dose of their own medicine
trocadero square in paris evacuated . policemen pointing their gun . via
square in paris evacuated. policemen pointing their gun. via ”
has the civil war in europe started already ?
square in paris evacuated. policemen pointing their gun. via ”
two police officers have been injured in a shooting in in southern - there is no direct link with the
by saying there is no link. is making an assumption.
the said they be no link.
i think put it betters ... no known link !!
some hell of a coincidence then ?
direct is the operative word you fucking idiot ! there is no evidence to link as it stands !
it is early days so they would never just make an assumption without facts.
no connection .... what ever !!!! media being controlled by the governments again
but it is not terrorism because it ai not muslims who did it gotta love how the media works
an intended shooting spree for policeman. yeah bbc worded it decent enough
saying there is a link is making an assumption as well. idiot.
11 dead as shots fired at french satirical weekly . photo : philippe dupeyrat
judge hushes up an is link to al-qadi in hearing into bugging case …
and i truly sympathize with france today. but we have cause to be angry with france is ambivalence
then why did support the extreme security council resolution against israel and for the palestinians ?
i think that that is your mistake. hamas wants what isis want. all the best
will say it is two lone wolfs and do nothing.
our sincere condolences to the families of lost and injured held attack
yr post means nothing to me !
11 dead as shots fired at french satirical weekly. photo : philippe depart “
rt 11 dead as shots fired at french satirical weekly. photo : philippe depart
11 dead as shots fired at french satirical weekly. photo : philippe depart ” 😔
terrible 11 dead as shots fired at french satirical weekly. photo : philippe depart ”
1st person killed by terrorists was a french muslim cop , rip ahmed merabet . bigotry is always wrong !
bigotry is a state of mind where a person strongly and unfairly dislikes other people, ideas
if there was a god it must be powerful enough to destroy the evil
i thought i did on multiple occasions and who is getting angry ?
no pres did not support it, one of a handful that voted against.
yes that is true for some humans.
the idea of god might prevail though. seems like it is part of our dna
bigotry meaning the ppm starting like kill all muslims, and muslim scum, etc.
a hash tag that says kill all muslims is vile !
i do understand your point and have trouble with it sometimes myself
you can push your stupid mantra somewhere else, he did not support islam fascism idiot
i am for that fully support that ! they need to be eviscerated.
i mean i understand what he is saying just don’t know how my tweet started it.
would have been the most monotonous & amp ; abominable place in the universe
the instinct to kill is embedded in human genes as one of d most prominent characteristics
you pick the one you had to go around many others like this
how is that a mantra ? or wrong ?
also think you are forgetting a little thing like the invasion of kuwait
um my husband fought in that war, bosnia camp ; iraq 2nd time in 2003-2004
maybe ... maybe not. i know i believe in a creator who put us on planet earth.
also like a decade of slaughter between iranians and \iraqis with millions killed - then they turned on kuwait
d day foisting of false info of god into d clean minds is stopped god shall die forever
how can the evil of oligarchy be viewed much differently. we the people need to stand with bern
our understanding of god is less than a bird is understanding of the moon.
murder in d name of border disputes is not a criminal act is another human hypocrisy
brainwashed pole behave like savages hindutuva in india is d terrorist outfit to watch
of course but is history or the present at issue ?
humans cannot stop being violent any more than they can respect life on this planet
yes i do not doubt it,
i tweeted what you are tweeting, that the terrorists killed muslims.
do not worry about the vile tweets. disregard them. maybe they are not so vile ?
yes and there is a place and time for it, not on heels of their atrocity please
... humans ... mankind is the deadliest creature god has put on earth.
no not even close.
take a look at this article : highlights what you and isis misunderstood
god is imaginary and has long served it is purpose.
1 of my tweets mentioned support of peaceful muslims, against a 100 against attacks camp ; supporting victims
i should wait until some rwnj kills a bunch of innocent muslims ? or sikhs they misidentify !
humans are possibly the worst thing to happen to this planet
to those murdered by fascists ?
there is always hope ... pandora is box. good in the end always wins ... always.
your making a historical i am giving you examples
or maybe god is like a scientist creating all kinds of life forms
bigotry is always wrong “ wt
why has become home to such as ? read here :
. if we stay more people will die.
you should not impose your belief on others through violence and discrimination
and people find the truth. at some point religion will not exist.
how did you get that from is tweeted ?
all religion is so all types of behavior should be expected
maybe he put us here cause other planets were dying. or maybe ...
fictional victims has never killed innocent muslims. oh wait ...
. consider this and what is truly vile in life.
could not have said it betters ! that tweet is now on my
making a game of killing animals is sickening. how can such evil be a form of recreation ?
can you not fight you actually disagree with ? we freaking agree !
of course. are you even reading my replies ?
there was no euphemism. i seriously have no idea what you are talking about.
not within the next 50,000 years i am afraid, evolution does not work that fast
for absolutely not doubt about that
if god put humans on earth then he is a fucking idiot
there is no harm in you believing in anything that you have been foisted with however(contd
what is it you are so afraid of, that overshadows today killings
trying to temper public opinion that not all muslims are bad, duh.
yeah when did that happen in the west in this or last century
its was a war crime bush committed and obama supported
exactly when did i support them ? i agreed with your tweet about justice they should meet
like earth is a living lavatory and we are the experiment & amp ; are failing.
i literally have no idea who you are speaking to. who mentioned ph or incarceration ?
is he calling the executions ' bigotry ', b/c if so, it is not an appropriate euphemism
for his and his family is death !
get the difference between actions and words ? where was the last muslim slaughter in the west ?
these were actions considered heinous crimes, quite beyond bigotry.
i tweeted in support of 1st victim ! how is that disrespectful to the victims ?
fear is not my reason for believing in god. i have come close to death. twice.
i am talking about reality not stupid words that will never transpire obviously. enough now.
on the heels of your mantra
how is it obvious if so many people are tweeting their hate of all muslims ?
we must believe humans can stop behaving like this.
so you know what is been going on, what is the fear america will bomb isis positions ?
i am so confused. are you saying bigotry is not wrong ?
so your pro free speech but i can not disagree with those calling for deaths of innocent americans ?
humans for is up for debate, no proof
which are you afraid will be killed ?
yes i but forced assimilation policies of muslims threaten our freedom in general
not on the back of today is victims
sadly ... yes. humanity is getting more violent bad. evil every year.
i understand what side you are on, my bad.
but it is very unlikely to happen as pole who live currently are all brainwashed to believe
existence of god is dependent on brainwashing of young by each religion
maybe. but humans are definitely a failure whether it was evolution of god
yes there are some. most of them seem pretty bloodthirsty.
and i am not a.
the ppm i was referring to in tweet. many ppm understood that ! twitter was trending hash tags
are you seriously trying to convince me muslim terrorists are bad ? really ? um, no shit !
really if i read the eu'ran ... isis seems to portray the true islam
i am not getting it either.
after pearl harbor incarceration is different that execution
the twisted aka islamist extremists !
of course what psycho supports that ?
what are you talking to me ?? what mantra did i push ?
why not come out and explain instead of pretend to be offended ?
are you calling these executions ' bigotry ?
not angry and i saw no other “ multiple occasions “, just the one.
i was supporting one of the people killed !!
you can be tad more respectful to today is victims of fanaticism not just idiotic words please
at least 11 dead and 5 injured after gunmen storm charlie hebdo office in paris
rip ... actually if people are dying like it shows a lot at d security of a place
breaking : police search northern france gas station local media says was allegedly robbed by suspects .
how did they rob it did they have guns
in deliberately targeting journalists the terrorists were attacking freedom and democracy. “ - theresa may
did they rob it in the name of the prophet as well ??
hostages have reportedly been taken as police pursue gunmen responsible for the
no one wants to solve middles trouble so the hate by israel goes on. obama scared of israel
can not believe the motorway has not been closed.
building in dammartin-en-goele where suspects believed to be holed up
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim
please do not let them be killed. get them out alive.
i thought that there were 3 terrorists in the killings ?
looks like a very large building.
suspects fuck off they are terrorists
. are not they in the small building across the street ? the printing company cd ?
blessing in banks loosing cash, oil prices = mass political unrest, diversion anyone ??
turned up with his fishing rod yet ?
employee accompany where terrorists are besieged tells one of suspects shoot his hand before entering
that is not the the building is a small commercial printing building located behind
the police did the job. vive la france !
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
they deserve what is coming to them ...
suspects you mean do not you. oh, sorry - “ militants “.
lots of competing journalists who know nothing more than the next one
good guys with guns stop bad guys with guns. again.
in logistic depot not in a small typo ?
they are scum and i hope they get shot to hell !
just confirmed . 10 people dead at shooting in the centre of . many believed to be journos working for
confirmed by whom this has not been confirmed.
update : two paris cops shot as manhunt for suspects continues
police kill connected to ? really ? what a surprise ! not make sense at all ?! yeah
just as yesterday we knew how to fight nazism, today we will fight the new islamic nazism.
update two paris cops shot as manhunt for suspects continues ”
today biggest dona tor fm households & amp ; private companies to anti-israel organizations
sure attacking jews last yrs, but that ? not connected either ?
- 11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting by
the way you wrote this makes it sound like did the shooting ... just saying.
11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting1 ” hoffentl. kein kulturkrieg-anstachelnder hintergrund ...
11 dead including 2 police in paris shooting by ”
just in : police confirm to there is a second hostage situation underway in eastern paris
i wondered if this was gonna get worse before it got better.
i would be willing to bet that sade baderinwa has some great pussy bro. super comedian
just in police confirm to there is a second hostage situation underway in eastern paris ”
just in police confirm to there is a second hostage situation underway in eastern paris
tell our police get up outta were n mind they business for once.
just in police confirm to there is a second hostage situation underway in eastern paris ”
hopefully the good guys brought guns this time.
do their swat teams have guns or are they armed with stale croissants ?
alarming this is a conspiracy
now police confirm to there is a second hostage situation underway in eastern paris.
just in police confirm to there is a second hostage situation underway in eastern paris ”
charlie hebdo : afp reports another shooting and hostage taken at grocery in eastern paris – live updates
bots will conquest all the world.
eight reports another shooting and hostage taken at kosher grocery in eastern paris – live updates ”
must crack down really hard on these muslim fundamentalists the russian way
bots will conquest all the world.
killing of policewoman in paris linked to killers , police tell french media after identifying suspect
but i thought they were not killing women ??????
well that is other than the lady in the office.
simply knew the mos sad is behind it and caught a clue so they killed her
killing a woman. what tough guys.
tell these killers they are not martyrs, they are coward
surely the people waving at back of industrial estate. were employees seeking police assistance
what about the mentioning of the shot muslim police officer too ?
president was at police headquarters for 1min silence. also police here honored the 3 police killed in silence
he goes be fused in the ass by satan fiery dick
rt killing of policewoman in paris linked to killers.
okay fine. but the media will still spur islamaphobia because of this.
we do not kill women “
he probably dropped his passport nearby !!!!
no no. they were the local cheerleader team.
killing you do not deserve to die as martyrs.
and also they destroyed the bastille ?
update : is editor-in-chief was killed in attack - magazine is lawyer
n u like here ,, zply👇like picture 👇👇👇
update is was killed in attack - magazine is lawyer
may he rest in peace.
update is editor-in-chief was killed in attack - magazine is lawyer ”
is was killed in attack-magazine is lawyer justified pesto, nasa !
bigotry the dark danger “
update is editor-in-chief was killed in attack - magazine is lawyer ” well.
breaking : three gunmen involved in attack on charlie hebdo magazine , french interior minister bernard cazeneuve says .
the leaders should do something about the image of islam by speaking out against the terrorists
expel from soil and destroy all the mosques.
breaking : two hostage situations in france are linked , paris prosecutor says
knew that an hour ago by the bbc news
time to arrest all the hostage takers relatives !
oh really maybe because it is false flag
thanks. i think posing these situations in context helps us better understand. we are far away.
the 1st has been on for 7h30 and the second for 4hrs
breaking two hostage situations in france are linked, paris prosecutor says ”
of course they fear is best sold in bundles !
now 13 dead at charlie ; gunmen show signs of military training ; fled in black car , dumped it
military or watching a few caper movies ?
but one of them conveniently left their identity pass ?
if only people did not hand out guns+training : jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
holding relaxing position you see all the time in check points even after the policeman
us and vets say training of some kind
french media report the trocadero near the eiffel tower in has been evacuated and police have been deployed there
oh it is a peaceful religion ...... not
now confirmed to be a false alarm. .... 😶
have a terrible feeling this will get worse before it gets better
why are you so full of hate ?
false mos sad ! ” of course israel is behind the attack
no reply as but you will find out when they do
dick ........ when you know as much as i do about islam, get back to me
thankfully this one is a false alarm
intelligence a lot smarter than cowardly acts of radicalized madness.
thank fuck for that ... the worlds gone mad !
unbelievable what is done in gods name !
the west is now reaping what it has sown with multiculturalism.
at least five people have been taken hostage at the kosher grocery , reports say
go and take end of this horror
they do not stop the madness do they ?
and bullet proof vests etc even though they supposedly want to go out as martyrs !
maybe it is time for france and other countries to rethink “ open door “ immigration ?
why does people do bad shit
this is what happens when a country is politically correct.
disgusting little cowards can only behave this way when they r hidden behind weapons
this is thoughts are with the french people. how much more terror ?
come on stop pussyfooting and show the what ur capable of !!
supermarket hostage-takers reportedly threaten to kill if police storm suspects
can always rely on sky news to wheel out a procession of hard done-by muslims during such incidents.
i would rather die than let this bunch win .... they will kill anyway
rarely goes down without fighting to the death.
i really can not believe the vile things these disgusting people are doing
my congratulations go out to the french police, job well done to be rid of these despicable murderers
hostages are obviously more powerful than their god. they do not trust him much do they ?
update - reuters reports at least one person killed & amp ; several injured in shootout before hostage-taking in dammartin-en-goele
indeed they are getting there
all the helicopters on the ground and shut down .... is this already over ??
. how many officers are having to deal with the media ??
french police : hostage-taker at paris market linked to attack
we love. home of our far games. parkour.
anyone ever recognizes from friends and immediate family know how islam embrace and harmony.
if reasonably low sukatilah to think otherwise.
they think that they will get rewarded with virgins if they die for their ' cause '.
army had experience of fighting with terrorist they well trained and not scared of death
armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
hoping it is not true. rt : armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in : source ”
goody. rt armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
no way they could get away alive. no way jose !
rt armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source ”
reporting it lives as “ shooting “
rt armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
rt armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
rt armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source ”
armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source ”
amidst a religious war in europe or is it just another false flag operation ?
armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source ”
rt armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source
armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in paris : source ”
armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery in : source ”
afp map of the region northeast of paris where wednesday is massacre suspects are cornered with hostage
interesting overview. rt eight maps of the region where wednesday is massacre suspects are cornered with hostage
massacre suspects reportedly cornered with hostage northeast of paris. via
praying for the safety of the hostage ...
rt eight maps of the region northeast of paris where wednesday is massacre suspects are cornered with hostage
via map of northeast of paris where suspects are cornered with hostage
12 people now known to have died after gunmen stormed the paris hq of magazine
12 people now known to have died after gunmen stormed the paris hq of magazine madness
there are some seriously sick people in this world nowadays 😞
rt 12 people now known to have died after gunmen stormed the paris hq of magazine
scene at paris hq of satirical magazine charlie hebdo - police confirm gunmen kill at least 10
or shoot u in the front !
scene at hq satirical magazine. police say gunmen kill 10. ”
religion will never stop killing people
let the welcome to freedom and thy stab you in the back !!!
mt satirical magazine charlie held - gunmen kill at least 10
rt of satirical mag charlie held - police say gunmen kill at least 10
in to day and so on eu must stop !!!
this is not this is the european stupidity. thanks again ...
bad news mt hq, satirical magazine charlie held - gunmen kill at least 10
this is the future of europe. thank you ...
why dictators and religious clerics are so scared of freedom of speech ?
this is heart breaking. hope that this violence does not get too many more europeans and muslims killed
both suspects killed after police operation in dammartin-en-goele , reports afp
well this is good new ...
the world is free again.
suspects killed after police operation in dammartin-en-goele, reports eight ” someone else confirms this
suspects killed after police operation in dammartin-en-goele, reports eight ”
nice work from banksy
it really is regardless there are some amazing cartoons flying around. all brilliant.
nice work from banks ” ❤️
for every one 2 more in their place.
we must not lose sight of that, despite today is horrific event. tragic.
very good it shows vision for tomorrow and the future.
very cool and very true ! rt : nice work from banks
nice work from banks ”
not banks but good anyway.
hebdo . it was press day at the magazine so all important staff were there . now 10 assassinated along
your cretinous religion is the problem.
check tweet. aimed at karma
i think she meant to the murderers. of course no one is murder means less.
i do not remember insulting anyone
still waiting for u to condemn you sick bastard.
murdered. 12. people. murdered.
a new crop will louder than the ones before them. never surrender to terrorists.
they are more important than anyone else is they ?
poor choice of wording. important staff “ as if the rest are not ?
funny you can tweet insults but not reply to my requests for facts
enjoy long live drink from the same cup.
every newspaper in and other countries should publish mohammad cartoons on front page.
rubbish. my point is freedom of speech. interesting that u have not condemned attack
so someone knew what day and what time for maximum effect ? inside job ?
can’t believe that they send two police men w/o proper equipment into a fight w/ guys with kalashnikov ?
. so now is the problem. your ideology is the problem, dividing people further.
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
banksy is response to the attack is not by banksy . but it is striking :
they should send all those cartoons to hq in tel avid
breaking : police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects .
notice is cam right here :
rt police official hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects :
you know why because when you were growing up others formed your thinking now you mimic without thinking
breaking police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects. ”
rt breaking police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects.
you can not have with force
any remote chance the gunman “ is remotely associated with the “ peaceful religion “ ?
breaking police official hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects. - via
. no shit now no one would have guessed that
arrest them enough of this drama
rt breaking police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects.
rt breaking police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects.
breaking police official : hostage-taker at paris market appears linked to newspaper attack suspects. ”
field near printers has become a makeshift helicopter pad for airforce and gendarmerie puma helicopters
operation. best in world at hostage/siege situations
conflict news beat you to the pic rob
it is third world war people. 😅😅
so when does nelson turn up
its still a field. they can land pretty much anywhere
one will be ' armed de l'air ' - used by french special forces
field near printers has become a makeshift helicopter pad for puma helicopters via
just in : police tell it is probable gunman in second paris hostage situation is man who killed a policewoman
sounds like a decoy to divert from terrorists position.
on the champs [translated from russian] |
we did not want terrorist in turkey kurdish terrorist circuit is not religious terrorism race semarang
we did not want terrorist in turkey kurdish terrorist circuit is not religious terrorism race semarang now
that darned workplace violence strikes again
breaking : paris police : market gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers .
they are going to kill them regardless. they said they want to be martyrs.
cut their phone service off.
or do the police storm at the same time for both places.
repeat we do no negotiate with terrorists “
the police should kill them all. with no remorse.
they also threaten to kill anyone just because.
gut ' em like swine in a slaughterhouse
so they will just storm both places simultaneously
mt breaking police : market gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers.
simple do them both at the same time
great picture by banksy . so simple , yet so powerful . please share .
great picture by banks. so simple, yet so powerful. please share. ”
could not have said it betters ! that tweet is now on my
it is good whoever it is
brilliant. but not banks. by whom posted it earlier.
any evidence this is banks ?
do not let the intolerant win
great picture by banks. so simple, yet so powerful. ”
this is not banks.
it is a great but it is not by banks
but we must be intolerant of intolerance, to preserve tolerance .......
reports that two of the dead in the attack are police officers
reports that two of the dead in attack are policed ”
no one in their right mind can condone this except the maniacs that did it and their supporters.
terrible if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also member car+trilateral commission
photo of alleged attackers of via
gunmen fled in stolen car after amass shoot-out ' with police officers
terrible if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also member of car+trilateral commission
gunmen fled in stolen car after amass shoot-out ' with police
last call for 2 late passengers back to tel avid gate closing russia sanctions speech ? timing
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
do hope no cyclists were hurt.
update - afp reports at least two people killed after shooting at kosher grocery in eastern in which at least
seems she was not there so french police is more than incompetence
hard to believe the world is becoming a very scary place ?
expect something massive somewhere unexpected any time now
the supposed girl was not there ?
seems that she was not. was another male gunman who escaped.
update eight reports at least two people killed after shooting at kosher grocery in eastern ”
no. that bird is not french.
here we go ... it is starting to explode
no deaths have been reported on french tv news
charlie hebdo shooting latest : 12 dead and gunmen still at large
horrible held shooting latest : 12 dead and gunmen still at large ”
your readers love multiculturalism so they can look forward to this in the uk soon.
bells. rt held shooting latest : 12 dead and gunmen still at large
these fuckers thinking it is a gpa heist mission
terrorist attack charlie held shooting latest : 12 dead camp ; gunmen still at large ”
afp : several hostages have been freed at jewish supermarket in
rt eight : several hostages have been freed at jewish supermarket in ”
well done sky news brilliant coverage of a bad situation
six hostages have been killed france 24 reported
surely you mean ' kosher ' supermarket rather than jewish supermarket ?
eight several hostages have been freed at jewish supermarket in ” free the jews yo
eight several hostages have been freed at tottenham club shop in ” wow disgusting
fucking listen to yourself ! xd
typical a who thinks muslim barbarism is a false flag.
fact is was overthrown by alfreda terrorists funded and supported by nato.
this story stinks false flag all over it ...
eight several hostages have been freed at jewish supermarket in ” thank goodness !
fact rebels the usa, who behead people and use chemical weapons are supported by usa
french leader : attack that killed 11 at paris newspaper an act of terror , other attacks thwarted in recent
not really the time to be making ' french surrendering ' jokes, bud.
to issue an apology to muslims this morning.
extremism and terrorism has no place in islam
those who died. how tragic ...
judge hushes up an is link to al-qadi in hearing into bugging case …
possible way of stopping far left main street media in us
gunman in third shootout reportedly same man who killed police officer in this attack on thurs
will not be long till there is war
will not hold my breath has not got the guts
it just a few morons tarnish it
this could be a while other terrorist are roaming paris and killing people
ahmed merabet , a french police officer , the first victim of attack .. he was a musilm
it will be nice if the mosley community will great a fund trust for his family now
i am sure that all “ communities will contribute ! and museum is spelled muslim
breaking : french police : suspects in newspaper attack appear to have taken a hostage northeast of paris
does this have any reference to the pro palestine demos ?
keep us updated.
breaking : at least 10 killed in shooting at french satirical newspaper charlie hebdo , paris prosecutor is office says
how could this happen france has pretty restrictive gun laws.
indeed but illegal traffics still exist and gunfights are not that rare in hard districts
... what is the world turning into. .
curly worlds are so much nicer than half avocados do not u think ?
may god have mercy on our world. not france this time for these killings
french media reports two suspects of attack are killed , and supermarket hostage-taker also killed
time to clean out of al-qaeda indoctrination schools, sanctuaries, put them out of business !
armed men were reportedly asking for journalists by name at charlie hebdo . unimaginable ..
why does it matter what he instructed ? if he had not, would it make a difference ?
what stirs a murderous heart is beyond my remit. did you think the material offensive ?
the prophet instructed that all muslims take jews and christians into their arms as equals
anyone willing to discuss how truly offensive some material ch produced was ? p.s i am agnostic
hey girl behave yourself and stop talking crazy ! that will never happen !
embraces all people of the book, christians and jews specifically. these terrorists are deluded
in an open society vulnerable targets are most easily identified/holocaust is list-gatherers did same at large scale
off the time line
this is a forum for debate and it has only been a handful of tweets
killing for words or pictures indicates a weakness or feeling of vulnerability. fear of vang wrong
just as printing those words might reflect the same thing.
and again his on constant security
no very imaginable it is only a minority in denial unfortunately they form the chattering classes
people hide their heads in the sand, then are shocked ! when islamist strike again.
carry on this off my time line, chaps ?
you really do not have convinced me this is wrong, i get it.
r.i.p. ahmed merabet , a french cop , first victim of attack
and blocking me just confirms what a little shit house u are !
think this morons hate filled views need to be reported
sit down and shut the fuck up !! you are coming across as stupid now.
tony tony ... how many times did i said to you to support a decent football team
your wasting your he will just block you when he has not got a come back !
i think you may testicular shrinking issues mate. you seem very insecure in your bedroom.
ignorant pea sized brain making up false accusations
u believe your are a colored nation your real fathers from
what a childish response ! clecleclearlyuve not hit puberty yet . .w.ownownong little boy
so why are you on twitter then belled ?
he means the vast majority who stand by and watch it happens and then cheer
this tony guy is and shit eater on holy cow so no one reply him ...
ignore the loony comm enters ! they just want to stir up trouble ....
go to middle east and see your people being bought and sold like they are vegetables.
have you ever been to a mosque ? doubt it.
like the cockroaches they are. they need wiped out ! nothing but parasites
greetings can you for once time be polite, please ! bye !
check tweet dates. probably tweets between prison sentences. lol
tony you got no properties you lying 》》》》you born slave over 1500 yrs 》》》
you bore in country where women r not safe every day about 20k women raped in
so you are the whole religion based on this stupid video that does not represent islam at all
see all mouth no intelligence sad little man
an uneducated key board warrior with no balls or backbone 😂
in you lost me there fucking hindi. go eat hamburger fucking cunt
i do not give a fuck about stupid radicals (who are going to hell) disobeying allah.
proof have you been in one ?
the only good thing that came from india is fucking bollywood. fucking slaves.
not all are just like not all terrorists are muslims !
beautiful heroes see you on that golden journey so i can thank you for your service🌹🌝
u father her own mother and then nation started
the answer is no. that is all i needed to know. peace.
rt a french cop, first victim of attack
the is messed up because of bigoted ignorant uneducated morons like you spreading hatred sad sack
can not face abuse and name call.
are you a member of the eds by any chance ...?
and yet this distinction rarely seems to matter anymore. unsurprisingly.
and you mean the extremists
this guy tony is guy from
take me out of this.
alright preemptive block.
really what about all the muslims that serve in the british armed forces bobwhite
stop being such a twat 😂😂
no peace within yourself i see tony.
what you on about ?
someone own tweets proves they are not as they claim law abiding citizen.
god bless him and comfort his loved ones.
no. why do not you.
calling people cunts proves someone does not have peace within themselves.
classless bitch. go teach yourself a thing or two about respect. ✋
and proves they have hatred and paranoid within themselves that they need help for.
congrats on your tweet !
the massacre brothers have been killed . full story here :
yes lets hope so
who confirmed it there is no info in that story !
rot in hell you filthy pig swine bastards. 👍👍👍👍🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
there is more chance they will be in hell than awaiting their supposed 72 virgins
the on to see who did it.
of course they are can not have patsies running around right ?
there should be women who commit the death penalty to ensure their faith of the virgins is crushed
the massacre brothers have been killed. full story here : ” ha ! cunts !!
now tucking into their specially reserved virgins
no virgins for them two scum bags in 2nd event also dead
good hope all hostages are ok.
very good. unlike has been quick to react.
i agree they should certainly pay, me thinks torture then death penalty
just wish the shits were not shot, they deserve to be tortured, vile scum
if there is a hell them pair of shits will rot in there that is for sure !!
they are what else could you say about them.
good start to the weekend 👍
hope they died a very slow painful death
to open there and see what works over here and what do not.
freaks becoming more powerful after abusing ppm, it is all they know
you are bobbed on there
gunman in policewoman killing suspected in new paris hostage-taking : source
good lord this crisis in france is spreading. prayers for the hostages.
5 hostages women and children)
gunman in policewoman killing suspected in new paris hostage-taking : source ” source please ?
rt gunman in policewoman killing suspected in new paris hostage-taking : source ”
rt gunman in policewoman killing suspected in new paris hostage-taking : source ”
gunman in policewoman killing suspected in new paris hostage-taking : source ”
officials say 3 gunmen carried out charlie hebdo shootings , france’s bloodiest terrorist attack in nearly 2 decades .
fuck the the civilized world is sick and tired of your shit.
did the terrorists know it was illegal to kill people ? maybe it was a cultural misunderstanding.
passerby victims of attack.
the media consider any gunman a muslim until proven otherwise !
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
great update see it live here :
fucking broken record cannot represent islam “ it fucking does.
the religion of peace strikes again.
time international community took illegal sales of weapons more seriously/urgency.
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
gunman at paris grocery store threatens to kill hostages if police storm the brothers .
and as we all netanyahu is shit do not stink. right ?
any sniper gets a visual ... take a head shot
your mothers were hamsters and your fathers smelled of elderberries ! i fart in your general directions !
mos sad the gop ? “ fox & amp ; friends “ ?
these barbarians need to be taken out.
gunman at grocery store threatens to kill hostages if police storm the brothers. ”
take ' em gendarmes. take them out !
pm warned france that siding with palestinians joining icc would be a grave mistake.
two are dead police confirm french tv mode online
he is going to kill them anyway. the police should not be waiting.
nope. the eu'ran specifically says no hostages taken or kept.
kinda burying the lead. it is a kosher market. this is an attack on jews.
suspects in attack spoke to police by phone and said they wanted to die as martyrs , says french mp
good. some assistance please messieurs ' les gendarmes !
.... by claiming innocent lives ? that is really awkward !
hi you are in australia ?
that is what they really want, another way would be a shame for them.
call them back and explain to them the definition of martyrs
tell them we want to help them as much as possible.
certainly not matures sorry no thousands of virgins waiting for them just fire and brimstone.
paris hostage-taker ' knows ' one charlie hebdo killer : source
and about to get much worse. collective punishment for government incompetence.
this world is going crazy.
rt ' knows ' one charlie held killer : source
i do not think even they know.
airport down on terror alert
it is the story all over the world anymore yeah.
' knows ' one charlie held killer : source ” what the hell ...?
that crazy first new now france.
i know right please do not let come to philly.
' knows ' one charlie held killer : source ”
reports of shots fired north-east of paris as french police pursue two suspected charlie hebdo gunmen in car chase
they have been identified and got a hostage
a policeman without a gun is a suggestion.
police routinely carry arms. it is made no difference.
breaking news is breaking news. when it is over its no longer breaking news
peace of happiness. thanks for reminding me !
journalists should exercise discretion in what they report, rather than just jumping to conclusions.
mostly trash in inner that is a self-cleaning oven. next
whether held suspects or not helicopters chase with gunmen firing is worthy of breaking news !
just saw a tweet about the interior ministry confirming it. my bad !
nothing to see her people ... move along.
and sorry. sorry as hell.
why you are right ... made no difference at all. dead.
you are obviously a psychopath. god help your family.
developing : shooting suspects holed up in premises of construction company
rt shooting suspects holed up in premises of construction company
the guy on the left is not touching the ground
it is a printing company called cd.
what are the security forces waiting for ? you can not negotiate with mad dog killers.
- 1 injured in kosher supermarket shooting , hostage drama underway & gt ; & gt ; & gt ;
mt 1 injured in kosher supermarket shooting, hostage drama underway
just claimed responsibility for attack and announced more attacks . " us & amp ; uk are on the list
source as of yesterday they still talking as it was not them.
. what is the source on that ?
do you have any source supporting your claim ?
no official is statement or is there.
please provide a link supporting your claim. i can not find anything related.
none of the is supporters on twitter have posted anything.
source we don ' need no stinking ' source.
is this the connection or actual claim ? shooting
is there a source for this ?
thought i heard on asap of yemen has taken credit.
difference here warning. no claim they did it
. is not even published yet i am just told. belga statement is false
thanks will try to check further
agreed. i think we can agree this is untrue as of now.
is not only often wrong but heavily biased & amp ; manipulated by state security.
press agency announces this.
no confirmation that much going on
it is via the new agency.
they did not claim any responsibility
you will need a source on that
i hope they did not quote bella
i have not seen it anywhere. .
since when did these people start giving warnings ?
french media say paris hostage-taker demanding freedom of suspects
thought they wanted to go out as martyrs
do not be lazy boys. cover a real story.
i think it will be a now on that one.
did not know they still issued them
the is reliable and accurate. lots of different police weapons on display
is not a super weapon, the m1 is quite effective and quite comparable.
had meeting with president in 2009
demand freedom can have that in hell
another shooting reported at the trocadero near the eiffel tower ( live updates )
delete your tweet instead of disseminating false information
update square near eiffel tower evacuated after ‘ false reports ’ of armed incident
does tolerance breed domestic violence ?
it takes dedication to become soldier of peace without guns
few are tweeting their politically correct thoughts in the heat of the moment.
my army to demagnetize all guns in the hands of civilians
another shooting reported at the trocadero near the eiffel tower (live updates)
another shooting reported at the trocadero near the eiffel tower (live updates) ”
another shooting reported at the trocadero near the eiffel tower (live updates) ” 😳
another shooting reported at the trocadero near the eiffel tower (live updates) ””
cartoonist stephane charbonnier was critically injured in the attack ( lefigaro )
a critic did not like his cartoon ?
someone on my said he died. is it true ?
to get pleasure from the death of another is disgusting. you bring shame on yourselves.
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris . photo thomas samson
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
thank god several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
rt several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
heard from channel 5 both brothers are killed
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ” bravo france 🇫🇷
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson
this proclaims “ : several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris
gendarmerie arrive at the hostage taking in dammartin-en-goele . latest : ( pic : martmann/reuters )
the are using it too !
arrive at the hostage taking in dammartin-en-goele. latest : ”
a form of islam is main cause of terror
is condemnation message of terrorism ”
arrive at the hostage taking in dammartin-en-goele. latest : ”
the problem with is the fundamentals.
lets just crush the ridiculous ones.
real cannot be terrorists ”
must eliminate terror amp ; its supporters but not specify terrorist has no religion
charlie hebdo gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault
rt held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault
breaking held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault via
i am so happy i was so scared !! thanks for the support
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault
thank goodness for this rt charlie held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault
rt held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault -
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ”
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ”
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ” yes french police
gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ” hoping this is accurate.
i am so fucking raid now
rt held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault
rt held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault
charlie held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ”
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ” thank god
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ”
held gunmen is hostage freed and safe after police assault ”
and held is gunmen are dead !!
hostage-taker at kosher market in said to be killed . mayor confirms 2 brothers killed at separate hostage-taking .
excuse my naivety but what was the point of all of this ? killed
hope the hostages and police are ok now.
information on state of hostages ?
i they will not be able to preform islamic jihad terrorist attacks anymore.
thank god it is finally over.
too bad that they will not face justice.
the brothers are with their virgin goats now.
shots fired and hostages taken in a building east of paris as police hunt attackers
can we get back to business. that is what i pay my satellite bill for.
rt shots fired and hostages taken in a building east of paris as police hunt attackers
shots fired and hostages taken in a building east of paris as police hunt attackers ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris . photo thomas samson
flash several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
young child far right. rt : several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
evet ! : from banksy ”
genocide in the name of allah “
: reports hostage situation underway north-east of paris
right and it is the same guys so i am scared af for the hostages
reports hostage situation underway north-east of paris ”
oh no. i feel sick.
. right great question !
no more unless deaths. no martadem. life without parole.
loving another reason to defend the - thanks lefties you fucking traitors
reports hostage situation underway north-east of paris ” 😩
who are the occupants of the vehicle showing live pictures ?
breaking : french interior minister : suspects in paris terror attack believed to be holding at least 1 hostage near
world is coming to an end
let the seals. mos sad, all pitch in and help paris police.
five hostages are being held at a kosher grocery store in east paris
five hostages are being held at a kosher grocery store in east paris ”
breaking : reports of shots fired , hostages taken in town northeast of paris
let is hope that mob catch the animals alive 👊👊👊
rt breaking reports of shots fired, hostages taken in town northeast of paris ”
i am moving there soon ppm !!!! damn it ! leave it alone !!!!
as attack unfolded , a journalist tweeted while taking shelter on a roof
oh i am sorry. i forgot that britain is 100% fluent in french.
fight one form of extremely with another -- anti semitismfavor the gunmen do you ? nazism same as all
i clicked on the link and read the story where there was a translation.
i know it is a french tweet but bbc should have translated it for the uk.
peace loving countries should unite to fight against terror camp ; boycott countries who support !!
as far as i can see his last tweet was posted on 23 dec !
despite not been able to speak french one can hazard a guess from the tweet what it means !
those policemen were already there on guard duty when the attackers showed up.
i just talked to
i am not a witness at all. i am quite far from paris to be honest
you do realism our language is english and not french ? what use is that tweet to us ?
it is a tweet. this person is a witness.
is push terrorist story but not the terrorist story
we all study in school. maybe you did not ?
thanks. just a shame thinks our language is french.
attack by 2 men with a hood in charlie held. we are taking refuge on the roof
i hope you were not serious.
oh i sorry about that.
not a journalist from a tv production house nearby, different building.
french interior minister says operation under way to detain 2 suspects
detain shoot the fuckers.
you promote violence yes, against people who have hostages and have already killed 12 people.
this matter look like a hollywood movie scene few seconds of shooting and it was all over.
interior minister says operation under way to detain 2 suspects ”
what is the betting they will be shot ?
those terrorist and their kind should be hanged
you sound like a terrorist or a supporter of terrorism. conversation reported and over.
deserve to be stopped by any means necessary ? people like that do not deserve to live.
even if they not armed ?
i was thinking feed them alive to pigs.
no because of resist people innocent people might be killed if they all get hysteric like you clowns
hi glad to see you did not jump in the circus whit all the others
people die every day every country how can you relate this death to the incident ?
industrial zone in dammartin-en-goël , near paris , scene of hostage taking and manhunt . more :
we do need some blade runners
those police know shit is about to get real but they are still running towards the fight.
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you,
please take them within an inch of life. disable them. but keep them alive !
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
special forces stands on the roof of a building in dammartin-en-goele where a hostage-taking is underway
. it is completely irresponsible to tweet pictures of the tactical position of french forces.
stop trying to block their freedom of speech and information
please stop sending pictures of the specials forces !
keeping the two boys up to date ?
why would you post strategic information online for everyone - including the attackers - to see ?!
in they at least sign and gin
the way i read your comments it appears you support this kind of informational pictures.
was clearly being and i thought it was darkly humorous.
is that not a bit irresponsible ?
how fucking hard is it to not publish such pictures ? fucking morons
yeah that is exactly the point i am trying to make ?
assuming the guys inside are going to see this ?
stop trying to block their freedom of speech and information you terrorist
well done now terrorists may know that special forces are on the roof .......
what kind of journalism is this ? stop sending pictures.
irony is hard to distinguish online
knock knock ... who is there ? special. special who ? special forces who kill you !
maybe not posting this information publicly would help police more than the hostage-takers !!!!
remember do not show police operations. do not give clues to the terrorists.
like they do not already know
. forces ' usually do not have riot helmets.
everything for money. bastards.
stop tweeting of police location
shooting : gunmen shouted ' we have avenged the prophet " during attack - reports
sounds like a sketch from family guy
did the gunman knew that he will rot in hell for this ?
do you believe they are muslims now ?
this is a fair revenge ! french planes with impunity in afghanistan, syria, libya and iraq !
extremism and terrorism has no place in islam
its a trap .... conspiracy against islam ... can not say no more ...
many religions started in mid indicates peoples with no sense of humor. leave them alone.
they screamed just like those who scream novorossiya
schools close , people told to stay indoors amid dammartin-en-goele manhunt
i hope no more innocent life is are lost x
oh dang. i hope things go well.
rt schools people told to stay indoors amid dammartin-en-goele manhunt
following this another miserable country will be invaded by france ! let me guess libya
it sure is. bless them all x
looks like there closing in on them
nice theater somehow a state like france can not catch the ramblers if they are not experts !
dead 12 injured 57 hostages
thank you for not showing their faces
schools people told to stay indoors amid dammartin-en-goele manhunt ”
kudos to the chap moon walking at the back
schools people told to stay indoors amiddammartin-en-goele manhunt
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
attack update : cartoonists cabu , charb , wolinski die - report
he deserves wt happened to him
attacking unarmed people with automatic weapons. how brave there were !
do not talk too much just catch them all.
attack update cartoonists cab, chart, polanski die - report ”
breaking : police : hostage-taker at paris market is suspect in slaying of policewoman a day earlier .
view is attractive friends in this article :
we will leave it at suspected, considering not one news source has gotten this right yet
" you tell the media it was al-qaeda in yemen " - reported words of attackers . read more :
would that be actually typical isis-trolling or a deranged eye-witness ?
in a accent was it ?
say award against freedom is conditional.
waiting for a to claim not their fault and privatization the answer.
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
it was mos sad in is ra hell.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
update - police say 3 gunmen on the loose after 12 people were killed when hq of satirical publication was
i hope that this can be brought to a conclusion with no further death/blood
is this a lesson for journalists to stop mocking religion ?
no it just shows the root of all evil are muslims.
no it is time for islamic extremist being stopped from murdering westerners !
suggest you move to north korea, that will be your sort of place.
hostage freed in dammartin - kouachi brothers both killed , afp reports
hostage freed in dam martin - karachi brothers both killed, eight reports !
thank god the hostages are safe. and praise be to god ! the terrorists are dead.
breaking : at least two reportedly killed in hostage drama in paris-area kosher synagogue
i am sad to know about this. more bad news. enough violence and killing !
it is a supermarket not a synagogue !!
may be double check this tweet
rt at least two reportedly killed in hostage drama in paris-area kosher synagogue
perhaps u mean kosher supermarket ?
breaking : gunfire reported in french town as police hunt suspects in attack | more soon at :
rt breaking gunfire reported in french town as police hunt suspects in attack
someone wants the real bad i guess.
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris . photo thomas samson
send liberals rt several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
oh those poor so glad they were freed.
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson gena in !
deep rt several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson
rt several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
rt several hostages freed at jjewishsupermarket in pparis.ppphototthomasssamson”
rt several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ” second terrorist dead
rt several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson !
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris. photo thomas samson ”
a french police officer said that the suspected charlie hebdo gunmen said they seek to “ die as martyrs ”
then they need to be taken alive !!!!
what a nonsensical belief these wahhabi have created buddha was the greatest teacher wish people cud follow his path
get question trial them for some years, then execute them
brothers negotiating book and movie rights.
i hope we will put them in jail for life as murderers.
not saying if it is good or bad, this is the law.
the only guarantee of not going to hell in islam is to die a martyr.
of course they they are deluded.
and put in a cell with the torah and bible and told that those mythical stories came first
be my do so.
nobody will be executed in france ... this is not usa.
sounds like one of those isis groups
make sure they suffer in jail first !
i prefer grimes fairy but the bible has prey cool stories too
yet to go in masked and flee ?!! hmm
police have surrounded this building where the suspected attackers are holed-up
they were sick of the dead end job so they went postal ... zing ! lol sorry
no they want to be martyrs they want to be killed it makes them heroes to the other terrorists
it is time to finish them !!!
taxes ... but the french do not treat prisoners as well as we do
capture them do not kill they want to be killed
they could be middle managers. they could lead a group.
media have surrounded this building.
what cowards. good will always conquer evil
these the same terrorists you claimed were dead a couple days ago ?
destroy them and accelerate their trip to hell
suspects in attack identified by police as said kouachi , cherif kouachi & amp ; hamyd mourad
let is be honest not very breaking !!!
am certain was does that make all christians evil ?
then go read books and sahib muslim and bukhara and enjoy those bloody books. good luck
have totally other facts about this so called religion en all those issues
do you know the age of today is attackers ?
by many for i am sorry and ashamed to say that many muslims nowadays have ruined
no body targeting but we should also be honest with ourselves saying islam is evil ideology
however before the age of 25 they would have already been radicalized by extremist views.
are reporting 1 dead and 2 captured in rams, any comment on that story ?
can not target all because of a few nuts
100,000 out of a billion. .
oh so it was those extremist quakers again .....
which part was bloody to you and i can show you how greatly u misunderstood it.
it differs what you hear in the mosques, many sheikhs are considered extremists
breaking i knew these names about 3 hours ago
i have learned enough about this criminal and have suffered enough from this criminal ideology.
hell is full of people who claim to be religious
the ppm should storm the bastille !! or police station or whatever
anyway i am not gonna waste my time with you talking about a criminal
two of there brains are fully developed.
it is forbidden for us to even hurt not kill. however this true islamic values are not seen
do you speak have you been forced to study islam and mohamed bloody history ??
how about you hear the history of mohamed from a muslim, instead of someone who hates him
is a little behind.
this is so late hardly breaking news.
find bathe them in pigs blood and shoot them with a swine covered bullet
those should be stopped by the gov and replaced. islam never taught violence.
which part do you know how big are they anyway thanks for your offer. i am not interested
not yet do you ?
i do speak far better than you do.
who will obviously say nothing good about him.
well what happened to cause you this suffering ?
i wish you a good night, i am already in bed for long time trying to sleep
extremist teenagers etc are less likely to question what they are being told by an authority figure.
breaking : police suspect gunmen have taken one hostage , after shots were fired involving charlie hebdo suspects
a look at the legal concerns amid charlie held aftermath
breaking police suspect gunmen have taken one hostage, after shots were fired involving charlie held suspects
a look at the legal concerns amid charlie held aftermath
those who killed 11 and injured scores at hq of french satirical magazine have done a huge disservice to islam
you guys have very well “ researched “ successful sop indeed ... create victim hood post killing others ...
because we allowed mullahs to provide the narrative and that got us in this morass
president is a conservative who employs his brain for a change
but do not agree with you : who did d killing were following what instructed
sons of doing remarkable service to humanity ? all subcontinent suffering because of you. shame
i said yesterday in a lengthy thread ; regional armies must unite with laser focus of eradicating radicals
to s thy ? koi propaganda chorea mat,
... and unfortunately have done nothing about it.
french media reporting owner of petrol station saw 2 men wearing masks in car with guns & amp ; rocket
2 men wearing ski masks with guns and rocket launchers ... could be detroit.
yes look at why they did at iraq innit
the ones who are now searching this village do, yes. the french are definitely not stupid.
the police here have guns …
hope the ones searching have more than guns. do the “ regular “ officers all carry guns ?
it did contribute even to the rise of now.
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
how is creating the war zone ? i wonder, world needs freedom of speech.!
unarmed police should fair well against that fire power.
rocket launcher in wow this has always been a war not just an attack
breaking : reports that an armed man has taken a hostage in eastern paris in a third attack
who talk about i said every sunni is a potential sucked killer this is the reality
hostage-taker at paris store demands release of , police union spokesman says .
just the whalers to keep paul watson away
they buried its kosher deliberately
at store demands release of police union spoke says. via
and the hostages at the kosher market have been freed. happy for you david.
you a way to end this situation ...
relax .... every other work out of and mouth was
its convenient they forgot to mention that detail.
ask this coverage reminds me of the song “ villain “ by the verve pipe.
. its a kosher supermarket. they chose it for a reason. you conveniently left that out
do not they have those machines that shoot loud focused waves at people to get them to submit ?
too late. the held terrorists are dead.
these mother fucker do not represent muslims
charlie hebdo killers are dead . sources say they are not in paradise .
sorry if i do not shed a tear. ordering the jumping castle as we speak. 😊😊
any casualties in the market ?
too bad ... wanted to learn more about their motivators and influences.
plus there not a paradise
held killers are dead. sources say they are not in paradise. ”
even if they must be such a boring paradise, i do not want it !
true story held killers are dead. sources say they are not in paradise. ”
gunshots heard as well as shouts of " allahu akbar ! " in amateur videos of attack
... literally means god is the greatest ! “ in arabic !
dear what is coming next ? war again ?
gunshots heard as well as shouts of “ allah akbar ! “ in amateur videos of attack
breaking news : killed charlie hebdo suspects came out firing on security forces . afp
should have wounded but not killed. forced them to rot in prison.
rt breaking news killed charlie held suspects came out firing on security forces. afp
they need to be dead so they can not talk !
the butch classify and the sun dance kid defense ?
graphic : video shows gunmen with automatic rifles during attack on in :
hi who took this video footage ?
the video link is now down.
you think you should share video showing actual murder of a policeman ?
we do not need to see hostages beheaded to know they have been murdered.
they used a fucking as a getaway car ?? hahaha.
show this on your channel
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
you need to turn your bot off,
why would you hide the truth ?
appears the link is now unavailable.
these guys look like dhkp_c
so we should hide because it will be less real this way ?
pretty common in i think ....
urgent : both suspects killed - reports
for me a trial would give them more publicity and a waste of money
to me but to say to almost anyone boston was a rigged event earns instant opprobrium
great news. roasting in hell with their pedophile prophet is what we hope.
you are not alone in that. a growing conversation around it
rt urgent both suspects killed - reports ”
urgent both suspects killed - reports.
i would have preferred them being taken alive.
my sentiments exactly. how my distrust of official narratives has grown ...
like the these guys would not be taken alive, they had no intention of surrender.
urgent both suspects killed - reports result
dead men do not talk.
urgent both suspects killed - reports ” ! gnight folks !
they said that they wanted to be martyrs, shame there is no life after death !!
editor-in-chief stephane charbonnier , known as " charb " , & amp ; 3 other cartoonists killed - judicial sources
with the happy family less amsterdam jihadists fighters ’ abroad.
this is what happens when you mix 21st century weapons with 7th century morals.
amp ; 3 other cartoonists among 12 kills
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
shocking and sad mt : editor stefan char bonnier & amp ; 3 other cartoonists killed - sources
hey board is the ac, not stefan.
“ : : “ the cartoonists charb & amp ; cabu are dead . ” ”
good satire is often. their latest cover attacks an anti-muslim writer - and jesus :
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody
brave men. martyrs for freedom.
that is so sad.
not just answered your original question : no one, no nation or faith system above ridicule
as evidenced by the fact they killed 3 cartoonists - not just random people
oh as u may have noticed, some (ppm) disagree with you !
i do not know who they are but lives are lost. this is shit. rip guys.
oh my god horrific ! such waste and tragedy.
i protect my mental health by avoiding videos of atrocities. seen too many.
it is not a matter of criticism, it is insulting and demeaning and offensive
true but there is a huge difference between being criticized and satirized, no ?
assassins did knew victim names/faces, according to witnesses.
“ the cartoonists chart & amp ; cab are dead. ” ””
shit grand deduce “ was my youth ...
so your answer to my question is yes. enough said. bye.
thanks for the info. is your server lagging ?
saw that thanks anyway
afp reports there are 2 dead , and 5 hostages being held in the kosher store in eastern paris ;
agreed. as we say here in the states, “ hold your horses “. lol !
yes there is a link. it was confirmed officially today.
it is a separate incident but the same cell ?
previous connections about plot to freed a terrorist involved in 1995 paris attack. otherwise not yet.
yes lots of mixed info coming out. anyone else here about potential 08 prison connection btw planners ?
officials have apparently confirmed that the deli is linked to & amp ; killing of officer.
so what happen to the charlie hebbdo suspects man news coverage is so shifty in this story
a lot of shifting sands in the coverage right now. we will know soon enough.
are moderate protesting these acts of murder and violence ?
police have just confirmed the connection on
not so much separated. there are links between them.
charlie hebdo massacre in paris carried out with military precision - gunmen appeared to seek out journalists by name ,
exactly. and the bigger the muslim population in europe, the more violence there will be.
i wager it will not - time for a revolution.
if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
of course. to a it is never the fault of the actual attacker, especially minorities
the more western interference in other countries ' affairs, more militant regimes are formed
this is just another example that gun control does not work. they seemed to be rather well-trained.
wonder if this will change media attitudes to regina ?
might call it “ workplace violence “ always trying 2change reality
i will second the revolution motion !
to hell with the lynch rhetoric. muslims and fundamentalists have nothing in common.
just doing what told them to do
i do not understand trolls tweet “ just making statement on us admin take on terror
so the cartoonists had it coming to them ? this is the west is fault ?
an 11-month old baby is among the hostages at the kosher supermarket in paris . unbearably sad .
rt an old baby is among the hostages at the kosher supermarket in
i will get right on that
maybe you should scroll through my tweets.
can i borrow your universal mute button ?
is it just a coincidence that kosher market thing or a missing part of the picture ?
rumors say hostages are 1 women and 4 children ---
really sad. ever seen photos of gaza babies ? all babies r equal i suppose
shows lots of journalists are referring to it as a kosher supermarket.
no problem wish it were not such a horrible situation.
that is my mistake. thanks !
the pause button is broken and there is no rewind is terrifying when you think about it.
cartoonists cabu and charb died in the attack against , reports
that is what my site is all about.
cartoonist for held and paris-match, also reported dead
was probably the target.
very sad to see strong advocates of free-speech dying at the hands of brainwashed idiots. all behind
the whole world should now satirist the cowardly inhuman zealots who did this
cab and chart died in attack against reports ” sesame
eleven dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo – live updates
eleven dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held ” - just horrific
eleven dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held – live updates ”
this is the magazine that published the mohamed cartoon a few years ago
eleven dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held – live updates ”
horrible news and an attack on the press !
eleven dead in shooting at paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held – live updates ” 🙏
it is painful and inhuman to kill innocent people, no religion permits it.
breaking : kouachi brothers dead ; hostage freed after raid in dammartin-en-goele , says person familiar with matter
but terrorism is still alive not think your safe terrorism must be stopped
mt breaking karachi brothers dead ; hostage freed after raid in dammartin-en-goele ”
have not we heard that about four times already in the past two days ?
what a tragic situation
rob o'neill offers insight on duel paris hostage
in 2012 warned that french newspaper to stop disrespecting islamarticle and videos
live : paris on alert as gunmen kill twelve in massacre at magazine office :
world come.
did you just wake up ?
i would and i am ending this pointless discussion.
they do not need to censor the news, just the video. its unnecessary.
the video is news content ...
clearly. i was completely wrong. as long as it makes you feel better ...
news cannot be censored to make certain families more comfortable.
its not news content. we do not need to see this.
paris gunman vows to kill 5 hostages if france storms printing plant with brothers accused of attacking newspaper :
you can not show any weakness never negotiate out of fear
seize both locations at the same time.
is the printing plant the one that printed the charles held magazine ?
it is just been stormed tho
from what i have france has very good equivalent to swat. hostages should be ok
need to rewrite that modifier
take them all out at the same time !
they are not martyrs to a cause ; they are easily manipulated idiots and murderers.
gunman vows to kill 5 if france storms printing plant : ”
reports gunmen were asking for journalists by name before opening fire . armed with ak47s and rpg
looks like it is been removed ?
is any confirmation yet of reports a rpm was involved ?
here is the removed video again
good man. let me know when you get it up somewhere
11 confirmed dead , francois hollande to visit scene of attack - latest from paris :
this is called courtesy “ (thing often unknown by british papers)
u lot wanted to go paris to get our headgear ripped off
. will not happen. dover checks are focused mainly on deforming treatments for dogs.
not even on that man, habit marseilles 💕
sickening 11 confirmed dead, francois holland to visit scene of attack : ”
hi this is the photo of our journalist please credit him at least.
french police : said kouachi and cherif kouachi wanted in paris terror attack :
see what happens when you put down people.
look his face they are muslim and they be vandals everywhere. shit muslim.
dead eyes. no soul to these guys.
animals will they get their virgins in hell ? because, that is where they are going !
the religion of peace at it again.
police said karachi and cherie karachi wanted in paris terror attack : him
breaking : one person seriously wounded , six taken hostage in incident at kosher supermarket in paris : police source
2 confirmed dead in shooting before he took hostages ...
saying two dead in east paris but at least five hostages still held in supermarket. terrible.
and 2 or 3 people killed. unconfirmed.
gunmen showed advanced military skills in paris attack :
did not say i thought it was, only that it could be
we can only guess or speculate and that will not do either of us any good.
yes they are walking down the street ! they are not dumb
they got out of there because french police were out gunned
rt gunmen showed advanced military skills in paris attack :
the police did show up - that is why at least two of the dead are police officers
why no support with guns showed up ??
so professional and advanced he appears to have lost his trainer in rush to shoot someone
they said three people hopefully they will find them !
that they escaped could be a false flag especially considering this
what did they grab from under the car ?
false flag -u people are mentally on par w the islam fascists
gunmen showed advanced military skills in pparisattack : ”
why are you not calling them islamic, muslim terrorists ? thats what they are.
it was just a shoe. they are so advance they ran out of their shoes, amazing !
those policemen were already there on guard duty when the attackers showed up.
meaux hospital sent medical team to reported hostage scene northeast of paris , hospital communications director says .
oh lord reminds of sydney terror !
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
rt me aux hospital sent medical team to reported hostage scene northeast of paris.
is it start of world war 3
they better get some damn good snipers and act quickly before these guys do.
no confirmation any hostage situation according to pierre-henry branded port parole french minister de l’interior
breaking news : market gunman threatens to kill hostages if police storm terrorist brothers . -paris police
i thought they wanted to die as martyr ? lmao newts
afp : the two armed suspects who attacked is headquarters yesterday have been located in northern france
have they actually been caught or just located ....
hope the fry the sobs
wonder if helps them now
think one already gave himself up earlier mate, could be wrong though
war profiteers x would in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
i did not realize new york city was a battlefield.
forbidden in we denied what happened in france but we and islam not resp for these murders
stop shooting people in the streets then
another one so all are killers and bad be reasonable.
how media spreads hate for islam & amp ; muslims
want to protect will also be seen in the light of day.
because u or other do not know islam so it is bad.
evacuate neighborhood one plane one laser guided bomb.
cant believe they find these things so fast after not so fast stopping them from mapping in first place
. chapeau for police swift results. vive le liberty
do in war. all killing is in war to kill your enemy i battlefield.
there is no killing in islam.
no not worry about it. right translation also prophet muhammad(pbuh) told us through his speech.
i told u about history in the past in middle east.
so it is possible a second terrorist cell has begun operations in paris
when some lunatics actually carry it out and get caught for it we are called muslim hating
fuck your phony rag picker.
trocadero , it was a fasle alert ( ministry of interior ) via
lines 6 and 9 stopped transit for a short while through trocadéro, now resumed, see official
it was a phase alert (ministry of interior) via ”
it was a phase alert (ministry of interior) via ”
it was a phase alert (ministry of interior) via ”
let’s hope so. mt it was a false alert (ministry of interior) via
car chase under way in paris as gunfight breaks out . reports of hostages . latest from paris :
stay safe my brothers in blue
got feed in or spanish ? i do not speak french. thx
now it is too late. the harm has already been done.
yes found it already thanks
i just saw a is in france. all faith in humanity lost.
more to come more than 2 boys ???
attack raises questions about obama is policies
seems has got real deal these days ! say safe ppm !
you can try to break the pencil but it will multiply ...
not banks. clerk.
that is not a bank at illustration
thanks for the clarification !
that is a drawing by a female illustrator
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
you can try to break the pencil but it will multiply ... ”
three men including two brothers identified in france newspaper attack : source
three men including two brothers identified in france newspaper attack : source ”
details : car chase in norhteastern france , hostages taken by suspects
rep dumb guys must know they are expendable, wont make it to courts, ,
drag them from the car through the streets when all said and done.
catch them. but pray hostages stay protected and safe
guessing they will be shot or silenced
hostage fucking when will they realize enough is enough ?
breaking : automatic gunfire reported at montrouge near paris . gunmen escaped in metro , say french reports
best of luck to and its people, do ur best to nab all terrorist.
update : police officer shot outside paris this morning dies
another extortion thug bites the dust.
war profiteers x would and in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
murders breaking video ; & gt ;
amp murdered in. pushing to join war on terror. video sgt ; & gt ;
. do you join my hand :
push by war profiteers for to join fake war on terror.
has 2 faces. one os innocent second is brutal.
news would like to use these images - would we be able to do so ?
update police officer shot outside paris this morning dies ”
police : shooting in southern paris wounds french police officer ; too early to draw connection between this and charlie
. having two groups of armed attackers running around paris is not worse ?
i thought the way they worded it was clear /shrug
the government is paying for its policy to give residency to any tom, dick and harry.
i prefer this not be an epidemic.
best of luck do your best.
. agreed. its bad already and possibly really bad if its spreading.
. their tweet should “ unknown if incident is related to yesterday is attack “
unless they guy know each other, there nothing in common ?
shootings happen every day. it could be unrelated entirely. i hope it is.
- at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : ( afp )
rt at least five hostages in paris kosher supermarket : (eight)
this illustration by says it all .
thought and act of courage. salutes !! pen is mightier than sword
thanks for being us french are very thankful for that
this illustration by says it all. yes - so perfectly ”
reports : suspects killed
this is like a movie rt reports : suspects killed
can you confirm the reports that those suspects were killed by french police ?
great news no no taxpayer money spent to support them.
that is what those fuckers wanted !! now they will be hailed as martyrs ....
good news !!
reports suspects killed ” superb simultaneous response by the french tactics unit.
breaking : gunfire at store in porte de vincennes , eastern paris - reports
more gunman linked to policewoman killing suspect in shooting in – local media
breaking gunfire at store in port de incenses, eastern paris - reports
breaking gunfire at store in port de incenses, eastern paris - reports via
breaking gunfire at store in port de incenses, eastern paris - reports ”
update one injured as armed man takes hostage in kosher grocery store in eastern paris - reports
french media to be put under police protection according to le figaro , quoting source in police .
how do police stop rocket launchers ?
sense and sensibility choice evades west as we try use western scale of measures belatedly liberal claptrap
too late for held staff. the police knew they were under threat.
12 confirmed dead in attack ()
12 confirmed dead in attack () ”
breaking charlie hebdo latest : 11 dead 10 wounded ( five critical ) two gunmen unaccounted for
you are a mad cunt go fuck yourself
a provocation is an open invitation !!
.... an invitation to grow the fuck up and stop being touchy, murderous bastards ?
should we blame the provocative or the provoked ??
to murder in the name of a peaceful religion ?
i am in right now, feel free to make an appointment
invitation to go how far ?
a provocation is an invitation !!
a provocation is an invitation !!
i am too busy laughing to care.
always the provoked of was that rhetorical ?
in invitation to getting killed ? you utter are.
i feel luckily i believe in liberty, o well words are wind
the two suspected gunmen have been killed , according to reports .
indoctrination is more like it. can not medicate that.
they are reporting now all dead one injured hostage
rt the two suspected gunmen have been killed. ”
thats good. a stop for now. and a prayer revenge cycle do not continue
the two suspected gunmen have been killed, according to reports. “ good.
has not said so they are live
terrorists dead gunmen killed, according to reports. ”
good riddance. we do not want scum like that on this planet.
gun are def ' dead, not heard about the women involved yet.
" several men in black cagoules were heard to shout nothe prophet has been avenged . '"
are you okay what do you people smoke these days
i await the backlash from moderate muslims.
means hooded or wearing ski mask, not wearing a cagoule
the prophet would never ever call these terrorists fellow “ muslims “
i am so glad thinks marine le pen and the front national are france is the greatest threat
my apologies cut and pasted from article.
sounds like a cia conspiracy to me !.
are we sure about these cries or is this speculation as per usual from the sensationalist media ?
breaking : unconfirmed reports of a gunman at the trocadero near the eiffel tower in . more info when available
sky news has reported it 😔
false news take tour information from official authorities
video showing attack . " allahu akbar " shouts
video showing attack. “ allahu akbar “ shouts ” animals.
video showing attack. “ allahu akbar “ shouts ”
this must be the 2nd video
horrifying video showing attack. “ allahu akbar “ shouts ”
video showing attack. “ allahu akbar “ shouts ”
wow religion has nothing to do with terrorism. religions in order of populations.
... video showing attack. “ allahu akbar “ shouts ”
here is the first video : “ : video showing attack. “ allahu akbar “ shouts ”
horror rt video showing attack. “ allahu akbar “ shouts ”
proving again that are the scourge of the world ! french liberals, you let them in !
video footage allegedly showing attack via :
what else shut they shout jail ram i joe or merry christmas.
it is getting close to the time to start shooting muslims out of hand. cull the herd.
three attackers being hunted for assault on french magazine , french interior minister says
but water boarding is bad. right ?
three terrorists. call them what they are.
casually just getting about in their c3, it must be a turbo
i can not believe they were able to just walk out.
you spelled terrorist attack incorrectly.
kill on i hope. we do not want then living like lee rugby is killers.
smart enough to know a shit bag like you when i see one.
yes. how stupid are you ?
three attackers being hunted for assault on french magazine, french interior minister says
so sad. my thoughts and prayers for the families of the victims. 😢
minister did mistake. only 2 terrorists
so why are all the media saying 2
banksy is response to the charlie hebdo attack is striking . but it is not by banksy
the same applies to terrorists. kill and pillage more people, and more terrorists will emerge.
paris says highest alert level extended north to region where attack suspects spotted - ,
in head for the. be warmly greeted.
it is a matter of when it will happen.
the terrorist most likely fled to the muslim zone where cops are not allowed, could happen in america
update - 11 people dead at headquarters of french satirical weekly publication charlie hebdo after armed gunmen stormed the office
by who and why ?
am following you now please follow in return
rip to those who have died. yet another senseless act of violence under the name of religion
is not safe ???
someone not like their style of satire ? same thing gonna happen to ?
do you get unarmed gunmen ?
stop showing the victims face on that stretcher you irresponsible morons. think of his family !!!!
there is something very wrong with this islam bullshit religion.
at least one injured in paris kosher grocery shooting , hostage drama : sources
at least one injured in paris kosher grocery shooting, hostage drama : sources ”
how to face and terrorism ???
at least one injured in paris kosher grocery shooting, hostage drama : sources ”
it is not religion “. it is islamic terrorists.
at least one injured in paris kosher grocery shooting, hostage drama : sources ”
dreadful why is being so specifically attacked at the moment ?
at least one injured in paris grocery shooting, hostage drama : sources ”
at least one injured in paris kosher grocery shooting, hostage drama : sources ”
awful development with another shooting in paris. god help you all.
at least one injured in paris kosher grocery shooting, hostage drama : sources ”
at least one injured in paris kosher grocery shooting, hostage drama : sources ”
live - 11 dead in shooting at hq of satirical weekly in paris ( police source )
live on 11 dead in shooting at hq of satirical weekly in paris
an important time to watch streaming live on -
but you have a different program on. maybe wrong link ?
watch live 11 dead in shooting at hq of satirical weekly in paris
reports : 2 dead in paris kosher supermarket hostage situation
is this different to the manhunt ?
thanks this is crazy hope for the best outcome
prayers to all the. this is breaking my heart.
reports 2 dead in paris kosher supermarket hostage situation ” stop the violence please
at least 12 killed in today is attack on satirical magazine in paris , official says .
are being persecuted for their religion ? in pakistan, nigeria or paris ?
u heard it from me no muslim unless brainwashed will kill innocent people even if u abuse prophet
killed by since 1948. u r offended by each other
thanks tho for being honest about the islamic excuses for murder
yes because is true religion. they do not take bullshit from fools like charlie have died.
the true multicultural attitude of “ moderate “ islam comes out
i feel that the intellectual level of this discourse has kinda gone to hell
come on rabbis have wives as young as six. hehehe. what is that not rape and pedophiles
why are we not talking of gaza, ya side ?
can not ... defeat ... the blinding light of is logic !!
hearts and prayers for families of these police and journalists
appreciate your attempt at but ... keep trying
yeah i feel really sorry for them
pathetic waste of air. thanks for showing the excuse for islamic butchery
lots amp lots brainwashed then. seeing ur comments shows how widespread
infidels that r breathing offends these monsters. freedom offends them.
reason for this massacre is a concrete action of paper. not general principles of freedom.
go away. it is what arabs do
true but when you mock a religion every day - one should heighten security
hey i am insulting your faith. now go fuck yourself.
u imposed dictators stole raw material both in africa and middle east
prophet bedded nothing more nothing less
you fool. we r not talking of gaza. anti semitic and no laws anti protection of islam
yeah i would like to see you respond this way to antisemitic children is programs on gaza tv
go away. sorry excuse for human
i do not believe in any of them and certainly not worship them
settle down just came back from emirates, arabs r just fine its these brainwashed moooslims that r cause
anti feminism results in ppm killing jews. but jews do not slaughter anyone for offensive cartoons
do not let us close our eyes. ur too busy killing everyone. even each other
killed by arab/muslims since 1948. u r offended by each other ”
depraved amp stupid. go away
is not a religion it is a brainwashed cult.
freedom fighters fighting against everyone else is freedom. go away
totally agree fortunately there are many not like this revenge ' seeker
pedophiles is accepted in read torah. who gave these fools right to make fun of islam
yup and all those slaughtering kids in pakistan and kidnapping schoolgirls in nigeria
he always full of crap. what alternate universe you live in
no it was teaching that freedom of speech is offensive to islam, but killing is just dandy
do you live in an actual tent ? and is your name saladin or something
western leaders created terrorists with various arabic “ springs “ by mercenaries was inevitable to go west.
nor do i believe all muslims are bad. i have encountered many friendly muslims here in israel
no it is to offend everyone else. precious pedophile needs to be protected
there is no excuse it is unacceptable always - we know in america how it feels
feel they r being attacked everywhere not even their religion. these tend to happen. no protection
but it seems clear that you agree that the legitimate response to the satire was murder. 😶
freedom of speech protects everyone. islam just does not believe in freedom or democracy. just death
i have to say the honesty about the murderous tenets of your religion is refreshing.
no in and west banks. in pakistan nigeria and israel netanyahu are same no difference
update - ap : french police are chasing a peugeot on a2 motorway and say hostages have been taken northeast
your own woods reckons it is the n2 and that there was no chase.
they will break down soon enough if they are in a peugeot, hope they hang the bastards
i hope they get shot between the eyes. bastards
is now on my play list.
shit hope these people are ok !!
y are you be it ?
no no surrender.
country men suspects killer in held took hostages outside paris, nothing to do with faith
breaking news : paris shooters are in confrontation with police . hostages involved .
breaking news paris shooters are in confrontation with police. hostages involved. ”
wait what have they been caught or shot ?
i am assuming it is shot to kill ? not take them in find out what they know ?
armed french police at trocadero in paris
everyone is on high alert as expected, awful news day
armed police at trocadero in paris ” no way. this is so tragic
too terrible. bad start to year and i do not expect it to improve.
wondering if they targeted the printing place on purpose ? is it linked to ❤️
loads of them will have a pop for sure ...
rt armed police at trocadero in paris …
unreal to me that they have to specify that these police are armed
it is the lunatic copycats i am worried about
if this was in the uk the pair would either be banged up or shot dead long ago
where are the army special forces should not they be involved by now ?
just said this could be distractions for something more major, exactly what i was thinking
phew. they can barely cope right now
really good reporting sky. thanks.
interior ministry says this is a false alarm
- paris media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor .
media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor. “
france - photo : ahmed merabet , french cop , first victim of attack today .
the sad irony of this is almost palpable.
a murdered by cowardly barbarians !
but terrorist are giving reference of duran. can muslims denounce those portions of duran
are radicals and to treat them as anything else would be an insult to islam
but who r we tying 2 say the terrorist act ok since thy killed muslim or (1/2)
photo : ahmed megabit, french cop, first victim of attack today. ”
the same opinion as them even muslims as they feel that those muslims are betraying their religion
i am a and i can denounce portion or entire book but i can still remain hindu
not first but killed when terrorist escaped
to choose murder as your first choice would be going against your own religion. the isis
mistranslated especially the versions. to follow that would be to follow a false religion
sometimes i really hate irony : ahmed megabit, french cop, 1st victim of attack
i see your point but the problem is those “ quotations “ from the duran are intentionally
they kill their own too : ahmed megabit, french cop, 1st victim of attack today
make relevant to present days need by deleting/updating portions which r obsolete
criminal nothing else.
but is people of are not reading english translation but they still support
stop calling as last words of god which will enable you to change the duran
photo : ahmed megabit, french cop, first victim of attack today. ”
very sad. you were a hero, murdered by cowards who cover their faces.
you mean the there are better ways to avenge the prophet compared to killing these people
this new should be taught by islamic schools and to you kids
more photos : armed gunmen fire at police near hq
more photos gunmen fire at police near hq movie shit
who them epstein also in car+trilateral commission
the latest on the manhunt for charlie hebdo suspects :
can not imagine people is fear and lost sense of safety.
schools closed , dammartin-en-goele residents told to stay indoors , town ' like warzone '
schools residents told to stay indoors, motown like war zone '
possible escape route from hostage place to small airfield 8 km.
awful . 11 shot dead in an assault on a paris magazine .
this is beyond sad but then people have always feared freedom of speech.
cartoons prompted the worst terror attack in recent french history ”
if you are not trolling, then you are practically begging to get trolled
breaking news deadly gun attack @ office of french magazine charlie held !!
the violent cult marches on. somebody wants to translate ?
awful. 11 shot dead in an assault on a paris magazine. catch them !
twin hostage situations erupt in paris . two victims have been killed . our updated story :
why would anyone favorite this. apparently some have
terrible. this situation is going from bad to worse
is it a joke ? please check your intel first before writing bullshits
breaking : suspects “ almost certainly behind hostage taking , " say officials :
by is your “ free speech “ ?
call to register for this site and gain new job
on this will end well
please arrest the guy. make them serve life in jail.
typical news. almost certainly “
in a printing house with one hostage ...
get them and punish but provocative cartoons and hate speech is not free speech !!
hope they are taken alive ... do not give them what they want
why crying hateful cartoons are free speech ? why not holocaust ?
horrendous story from paris - 11 shot dead + many wounded at offices of satirical mag that published cartoons of
well i respect people but not their beliefs if they do not warrant respect. simple.
we are arguing about 2 different points
this is but there are millions of muslims that condone this and rejoice at the killings !!
i see the bomber yelling any religious words !!
no. i supported action in syria as it happens
but do u consider them as terrorists ??
no actually it does not !!!!!!! wake up.
the was not fighting for jesus.
free speech gives people the right to do so.
it is not irrational fear when they actually kill you for satire and being an “ infidel “ !
religion is an extremely delicate subject. its belief and a lifestyle. insult that and you make enemies
jimmy was not alone in his actions either, so my analogy is sound.
honestly harry. you are embarrassing yourself. media swayed. read up the factual historical background.
been to northern lately ?
look ... killers and psychos and from everywhere and every culture and every religion !!
once again they are lunatics who do not quote ' god is great '
you reply makes no sense whatsoever with ?
after we saw the thousands of muslims rejoicing in the streets at the murders !!
not millions these are only a few who were fed lies there entire lives !!
where are the hundreds of christians rioting and killing for the defilement of christ ?
what do they call attacks on schools ?? just like the one carried out by taliban ??
we could have more world peace if we sought to understand each other better.
you are speaking historical gibberish. oh, btw : “ we have avenged the prophet ! “
fuck off. that is not about islam
should be forbidden in the west as it is an ideology incompatible with our beliefs.
he was a lunatic. is a group that target vulnerable people because they can not fight back
but the majority even you have to admit that the media is biased about this !!
have you ever heard of timothy mcveigh ? he was called a domestic terrorist !
are carried out by but they radicalized after western attacks on their homes and families
just like the coward person who shot and killed kids in cold-blood at schools
look at your own country is history and you will see how sill you sound
they need more of an agenda.
extremely delicate for you. everyone else does not have to adhere to how you feel
if you think guns are the reason, you are a fool. the culprit is islam.
so after making an accusation you should back up with evidence of christian attacks on schools !!
if you want to be tolerated, learn to tolerate gays, women, jews, and christians.
guess what is in the west.
they r carried out by muslims ... they r nt terrorist attacks !!
2 attacks on military bases were called work place violence !! that is stupid !!
all people who commit acts that terrorizes should be called terrorist and nt only the muslim ones
you would not care what anyone says about islam. simple.
who married a 6 year old and raped her at 9.
however if a person committing the same crime is not muslim most probably will be considered sick psycho
a religion that instructs the murder of any follower that chooses to leave it is obviously evil.
at war with itself how is that ??
says who we are not out killing people. is that more noble than printing a picture ?
i am respectful of all people irrespective of sexual orientation, religion, and race
nothing hilarious about people getting killed. you are a disgrace.
to throw tantrums and murder innocent people. if you were so comfortable in your religious faith.
would be like me attacking all tv presenters because of the actions of jimmy seville
the media in our countries does whatever mean necessary to protect islam from criticism.
and millions of them condemning such violence !!
i think at your age you know that western media has got an agenda muslims
oops. northern ?
which is why i do not tolerate your religion.
racial is getting out of control.
racial is depicting someone a particular religion hold dear in an idiotic way
lets consider the us attacks on foreign soil !! lets consider the foreign invasions !! irak afghanistan ...
why do not u consider isis as lunatics bc they are !!
i know all their crimes ... is it really different from mass murdering children at a youths camp ??
more like at work.
that is funny they were cowards that put bombs by children and walked away quietly !!
how about we work the other way around two
that is because they have not labeled all attacks by muslims as terrorist acts !
religion and individuals are separate entities
id challenge because it is a violent religion in its most basic form. same with christianity.
yes it is. west is not necessarily a geographical region
and the only thing evolving is our means to carry out those same attacks.
seriously u r gonna jump on a single exception ??
why do so many verses call for death ?
the real question is where have you ever seen thousands of christians rejoicing for the killing of innocence ?
by whom the government or the media and the people
just because it is a delicate subject does not mean that it should be ignored.
families killed by the us for some oil ?? aremt they afghanistan people who had millions of their countrymen
it happened before with with religious white groups who killed black people and celebrated it !!
why would they as i believe they take this event proudly !!
yes it does. mockery is important, ridiculing daft beliefs is important.
most wars are started by a maniac who uses religion as their motive.
france : 10 people dead after shooting at hq of satirical weekly newspaper , according to witnesses
a crime of passion or another heathen mosley atrocity ?
they who stupid and partial opinions like this one only add noise to any debate.
anti usual suspects
latest : - 2 gunmen believed holed up in building - reports of 1 hostage - shots fired in car
amp must unite, for a resolute fight against islamic terror.
intense latest - 2 gunmen believed holed up in building- reports of 1 hostage ”
let is hope they do not kill the gunmen ! that probably what they want.
the worlds gone mad so sad ! 😢
any one using to carry out acts of terror, should be burned alive !
old news. breaking really ?
conflicting reports on from various media organizations.
cartoonist gunned down by french country men in held office, nothing to do with faith
live report ... in just listen to bbc5live (peter allen) on dab radio.
suspected gunmen reportedly came out shooting at police
like their they got their men.
suspected gunmen reportedly came out shooting at police ” 😳🙏
police search gas station where french media reported suspects allegedly were seen .
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
store of technology visit us
shameful killers will never win they are a few, we are many,
what punishment is fit for such an atrocious act ?
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
let is get this straight religion is not a race so saying these cartoons are raciest is ridiculous !
call them what they are islamic terrorists please.
police search gas station where french media reported suspects allegedly were seen. ”
documented false flag shooter ever secret service intelligence
the last person killed in charlie hebdo attacks was muslim police officer
i do not need to see that photo to know what happened was. you could publish this instead
i remember in high school when we learned about islam there was an emphasis on peace
i totally agree with you !
the last person killed in charlie held attacks was muslim police officer ” 😟😦😯😕
absolutely disgusting using someone is absolutely terrifying murder for own gain. what about their family ?
just for the sake of good journalism, which one is it ?
showing his face in his final moments is crass insensitivity and totally unnecessary - his family are grieving
never support terrorist amp ; i am proud to be an islam
was the last person a human being ?
well i agree.
is not it too late a news ...
how does printing this picture of a murder help ?
paris supermarket hostage-taker ' neutralised ' : security source
never underestimate the 🇫🇷
rt supermarket hostage-taker ' neutralized ' : security source ”
i have no appetite for blood fyi.
rt supermarket ' neutralized ' : security source
i do rather enjoy the usage of the term “ neutralized “
supermarket hostage-taker ' neutralized ' : security source ”
supermarket ' neutralized ' : security source ”
why ' neutralized ' instead of ' killed ' ?
supermarket ' neutralized ' : security source ”
supermarket ' neutralized ' : security source ” buff said.
i have criticized the language they use idiot !
supermarket ' neutralized ' in a successful attack by police security
welcome finally people have showed doors to these cowards.
supermarket ' neutralized ' : security source ”
supermarket ' neutralized ' : security source ”
supermarket ' neutralized ' : security source ”
breaking : 10 people shot dead at headquarters of french satirical weekly publication charlie hebdo in after gunmen stormed office
at least she is not dead as a 1 shot sale for the highest bidder.
reports gunmen shouted " allahu akbar " & amp ; " the prophet was avenged " . if we do
had to use translate ... even more brokenhearted now that i know what it says.
police say two killers have been killed north of paris . hostages also released in super market . coordinated police
are you sure at super market. fracne 24 reporting deaths at kosher market
hi will you be doing a full report on at 7pm ? andrew
paris : reports that man suspected of killing policewoman has 5 hostages at kosher supermarket
nothing to do with ?
it seems the level of tactical intervention needed to answer this double situation is almost overwhelming the authorities
will b terrorists r surely taking notes somewhere that multiple unsophisticated attacks by few well prepared men could ...
man suspected of killing policewoman has 5 hostages at kosher supermarket ”
3 thousand men to capture 2 terrorists and now this ? seriously ?
killers shot dead by police
great news great reporting one of the best in the business
no confirmation but hopefully good news
you the fastest for breaking news ...
best news possible all things considered
good 2 less to worry about. hope the hostages are all ok !
killers no trial can you please provide the evidence that these people were involved in
what about the hostage hopefully still alive.
good news at last evil pigs !!!!
best news i have kay you are doing an amazing job thank you
just practice for what coming in afraid europe is heading for a war
great work and forces teams.
best news for days. goodbye scumbags.
they got what they wanted but perhaps for the best
breaking news : ten dead in shooting at headquarters of french satirical weekly charlie hebdo - french media
hope they catch the !
thank u for gifting the world with this ugly, retarded and filthy religious doctrine !
death to is now 11 and expected to rise what a horrendous situation on the ground.
11 now conflict reporter
they way is welcoming islamist soon it is going to fall n its already started
on israeli tv , an israeli woman speaks of her nephew , a mother with 6 month old baby ,
do you have a link ?
oh prayers for them.
i assume you mean niece ?
if i were i will not go to the demo beside haas ' friends.
shooting wrap-up : 12 dead , 3 gunmen at large , paris on high terrorist alert
secure now. found a tweet mentioning it as next target
breaking news r.i.p. ahmed merabet , cop , first victim of attack
so how many virgins does the dead cop get ?
breaking news ahmed megabit, cop, first victim of attack ”
thank you for your ahmed. rest in peace, may god bless your family.
he can have as many as he wants, he earned it
breaking news ahmed megabit, cop, first victim of attack ”
probable the on the runaway. (if it is the last) .
typical. throwback dicks kill a fellow muslim, which they routinely do in the middle east.
hope you have a wonderful one as well.
they did not bother to ask him if he was muslim
rip thanks for everything
from little not afraid,
thank you for the re tweet. have a wonderful night !
guess that proves they do not care who/what someone is ... they just want to kill people. nice
shows what happens when no one is carrying.
correct. they deserve eradication. nothing else.
: 1 dead , several injured in shootout north-east of paris ( french radio )
will be judged by the measures it takes once the ceremonies r over
state praise attackers as “ heroic jihadists “ via
siege 1 dead, several injured in shootout north-east of paris () ”
bring back the guillotine for dealing with terrorists.
breaking : noten shot dead ' as gunmen storm hq of satirical magazine charlie hebdo in paris
i have the balls crush your fucking skull you pitiful thug, stfuuuuuuu fucking rotten shit.
fuck shit.
france faces 2 hostage-taking attacks ; paris kosher market attack has 5 hostages , some wounded :
faces 2 attacks ; paris kosher market attack has 5 hostages, some wounded :
more : official : french terror suspects want to be martyrs ; are holed up with hostage north of paris
that is an easy request to grant
and carry law coming to france ...
let is not forget the clinton(s) frequenting the royal pedophile palace.
fuck if you that rat hole becomes a mosque ! fuck this 7th c barbarism !
let them due as martyrs then.
rt terror suspects want to be martyrs ; are holed up with hostage north of paris :
capture shave and march them through the streets of paris like wwii collaborators.
come to the window and we will grant you your wish !!
easy. wish granted. just step outside !!
charlie hebdo killers say they " want to die like martyrs " . i suspect the french police will be
i hope rather see them in a cage in paris city center
that is why they should be taken alive if possible (unlikely though) .
i suspect a long and somewhat unpleasant incarceration and interrogation might be closer to the police is intent ...
whatever ensures the safety of the hostage but i would prefer to see them convicted.
i also understood your question as such, no worries
quite a few people over here happy to take them up on their offer. myself included
. score west 2 - islam wins.
the martyrs are their these gunmen will die as pigs.
of course. but it ends in shootout ....
does still have death penalty ?
thanks not advocating was just wondering ...
the death penalty was abolished in the 70s.
suspect govt would prefer a nice neat ending.
police convoy and helicopters are rushing to scene to detain charlie hebdo massacre suspects
all the suspects are called ' lee harvey oswald '. that is amazing.
charlie hebdo attack suspects told police by phone they wanted to die as martyrs , french lawmaker tells tv station
the old blackjack treatment !
they will die as cowards.
well actually no. it takes guts. let is not kid ourselves, okay ?
they will never be they are just scum, their victims are the real martyrs.
kill them and cover their bodies in pigs blood. that will screw their plans.
" banksy " reacts to attack with poignant drawing
banks reacts to attack with poignant drawing ” genius
says what is meant by “ you will not silence us “
rt banks reacts to attack w/ poignant drawing
banks reacts to attack w/ poignant drawing ”
yes has to be that way. thank you. bravo.
banks reacts to attack with poignant drawing “
banks reacts to attack with poignant drawing ”
banks reacts to attack with poignant drawing ”
oh what a great comment
fucking coward if he truly wanted to make a statement he would have drawn mohammad !
c a little slow on the draw, there
banks reacts to attack with poignant drawing ”
banks reacts to attack with poignant drawing ”
just in : a separate shooting and hostage situation at a supermarket in eastern paris has been reported ... developing
please update your tweet. it is a jewish supermarket that is under fire.
one cares stop interrupting the programs ! all you do is show the same thing over and over !
hopefully the cops will bring more than just rubber truncheons this time. god blesses the french police.
where are we heading in this world ? thank god for u.s presence in.
update - pa : gunman holding hostages in grocery has been killed
update pa : gunman holding hostages in grocery has been killed ”
good shoot them all will mourn forever
. any news on the hostages or what ? dont care about the terrorists
...... i hope it was very painful. rot in hell.
surely you mean terrorist not gunman !!
hope he fucks rots in hell.
wish we would have been as decisive with the lee rugby killers
well done way to deal with the scum
them all there was two ....
get in fucking lunatic prick
update pa : gunman holding hostages in grocery has been killed ” 🙏🙏
any news on the woman hostage taker ?
breaking : french police chasing a peugeot on motorway around paris and say hostages have been taken by cahrlie hedbo
attack raises questions about obama is policies
attack raises questions about obama is policies
3 people carried out attack , and authorities are searching for them , french interior minister says .
some of you really need to get off of that rush limb cool-aid.
undo. mikado ho rna ...
anytime violence is the worst thing for all sides ...
thank you for standing up bear. we need more of that today.
seems like they highly skilled.
like you have at ferguson has blood on your hands for france attack
3 people carried out attack, and authorities are searching …, french interior minister says.
i stand with my people over dis deadly attack. dey shall not go free.
enjoying earlier in winter day posts now this : “ : 3 people carried out attack. ”
all newspapers tomorrow is edition she print same cartoon on front page.
we must hunt down all isis battle returns.
i hope they find them very soon evil
more : at least 5 hostages are reported held by gunman in eastern paris kosher grocery store
at least 5 hostages are reported held by gunman in eastern paris kosher grocery store
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held .
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held.
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held. ”
why do the terrorists “ look ?
hopefully the terrorist died a horrible painful tragic death. there is no pride or respect for martyrdom.
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held. ” watching the news.
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held. ” prayers
4 people reported dead of six hostages. sounding worse. thnx for updates & amp ; links.
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held. ” 🙏
thank rt police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held.
the 6 are reported dead.
both simultaneous penetrations by special forces where a success, terrorists down hostages freed sews charlie
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held. ”
more workplace violence ?
police taking people out of grocery where hostages were being held. ”
thank goodness is it possible for this to end with no more innocent lives lost ?
10 people confirmed dead in paris attack - rocket launcher used in assault , according to reports
just casually strolling by to blow up a building.
reports that the jewish community in going in to lockdown . shops , synagogues , schools etc .
once again is inability to ensure religious tolerance will hurt them as jews become the new huguenots
i disagree. read the controversy of zion.
what benefit attacking place in france o. great deception
i do not take advice from people who can not spell.
peace agreement at time of war had been violated he decreed as per torah deuteronomy 20:10 -14
thank you. love peace and humanity.
ironic thing is never in jews history, jews harmed anyone, yet victimized by hateful religions/cultures.
you mention who kills cartoonists or translators (salmon rushdie) . get a life !
needs to stop this nonsense of pen mightier than gun. god sake fight the islamic terrorism !
in 2015 oh how our governments have failed us !
oh wait 3000 rockets.
i think you are right for now.
my people always been targeted by islamofacist, turks, arabs and persians. now fighting isis.
i love amp respect the kurd !
at least 2 injured in new shootout in eastern paris / 5 hostages held in kosher supermarket
extended false flag to misdirect away from the pedophile ring in britain
the image that everyone is sharing is not by banksy — but it is awesome .
it is great though. is a very talented artist.
very but the real solution is this :
paris manhunt : 3 attackers with ak-47 rifles & amp ; reportedly rocket-propelled grenade still at large
thank you for the reply mam. really appreciate. i have tweeted mam as well.
. come on surely not as scary as ross hindus at large with mathis, right ?
the sign got there work cut out today low
their hiding at or cnn office
scary 3 attackers with ak-47 rifles & amp ; reportedly rocket-propelled grenade still at large
the ease with these weapons are brandished is a threatening scenario
so report on rocket launcher then edit link
i do not have it. why do not you try her here
is paying a big price for been a puppet of americans
reports : 2 brothers suspected of charlie hebdo attack are dead
reports 2 brothers suspected of charlie held attack are dead ”
reports 2 brothers suspected of charlie held attack are dead ” and gone to hell
reports 2 brothers suspected of charlie held attack are dead ”
got to kill the ones that were ordered to kill the journalists right ? just a guess ...
reports 2 brothers suspected of charlie held attack are dead ”
reports 2 brothers suspected of charlie held attack are dead ” good 🇫🇷
suspects " prepared to die as martyrs " , they tell police after making contact - french media
rubbish martyrs do not run away they should have faced consequences immediately.
they would still be murderers i do not think anyone can consider this martyrdom
put them through a wood chipper.
i do not think these type of muslims know what the word “ martyr “ means.
no martyrs just cowards.
agreed. relevant and timely clarification : martyrs are assassinated, they are not the assassins.
. i hope they get their wish ...
i think you mean morons.
suspects prepared to die as martyrs “, they tell police after making contact. ” previsível
so if they’d stayed at the scene they would have been martyrs ?
they should tell no you will just die as murderers, not martyrs
just kill them. nothing to see here, only cowards. nothing lost.
who are the two brothers suspected of launching attack ? we explain : ( pic : afp )
yeah but it is when they do it, duh.
it is quite unsettling to see how ordinary the face of hatred can look like.
its a hoax folks please do some homework and read --
who are the two brothers suspected of launching attack ? . these evil b##
have the extremists forgotten about the iconoclasm they have committed against the jews over the centuries ?
terrorists are held up in a warehouse with hostages .
if only they could both kill them ...
breaking : shots fired , hostages taken in manhunt for attackers , police say
attack raises questions about obama is policies
they are a pretty tame looking group compared to our police.
these thugs r so cowardly they attack a mag now hide behind innocent people
attack raises questions about obama is policies
mt breaking shots fired, hostages taken in hunt for attackers
attack raises questions about obama is policies
your article says the but then states it is a fact that they were the attackers.
they were well known by the french/ why did not they do anything ??? then
is lawyer says the magazine is editor-in-chief was killed in the attack . more on this developing story :
everyone should publish spoofs. criminals. “ is. editor-in-chief was killed in the attack
is lawyer says the magazine is editor-in-chief was killed in the attack. developing story : ”
- paris media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor .
so very sad that this would happen.
hostages held at kosher supermarket in eastern paris seen leaving site following apparent police assault
hostages held supermarket in eastern paris seen leaving site following apparent police assault ”
why say that the hostages were already dead then ???
thank goodness. job well done by french security forces.
relieved for the hostages and delighted all 3 of these murderers are now off our planet !!
now arrest the imam of these three swine.
thank god amp the police
nice job from the police today.
via hostages at kosher supermarket in paris seen leaving site following police assault
i did subsequently tweet to that effect.
do not mess with the french.
well done well done france ! hopefully france media will learn from this case !
well done police. hopefully these scum will go straight to hell. je sew charlie
fair play to the police if they got the hostages out safe.
was it my tweet that drew your attention to this !
do not mess with the french in situations like this.
great news. some light at the end of this tragic affair.
good job police. zero tolerance to terrorism.
helicopters and vehicles are seen next to a building in dammartin-en-goele where a hostage-taking is underway
stop live tweeting during a tactical raid. do not share anything but the obvious.
police confirm deaths of four of france is most celebrated cartoonists charb , cabu , wolinski and tignous
so sad police confirm deaths 4 celebrated cartoonists chart, cab, polanski and igneous
this is where book burning leads.
religion of peace ambit again. ... we cannot tolerate the intolerable anymore ! !
who also in car+trilateral commission
who jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission “
police confirms deaths of 4 celebrated cartoonists chart, cab, polanski, igneous
2015 is not starting out well. : police confirm deaths of four of france is most celebrated cartoonists
i am but following it closely. really grim.
today is a sad day. free thought has just been shot dead again.
the effect will take control soon, if it has not already
i hope that cartoonists all over the world will create even more satirical work about intolerance
and the world just shakes it is head. that is about it.
witnesses say the charlie hebdo gunmen identified themselves as members of al-qaida :
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
rt witnesses say the charlie held gunmen identified themselves as members of al-qaida
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
cant be the president told us they are in retreat
identified themselves you having a laugh, so how come they did not get shot too ?
why did they make a funny on our prophet.
trying to mt : witnesses say charlie held gunmen self-id would as al-qaida :
the outbidding scenario as talked about by
confess they did not get is “
breaking news : reports of shots fired , car chase northeast of paris as french police hunt charlie hebdo attackers
rt reports of shots car chase northeast of paris -french police hunt charlie held attackers.
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
military helicopters seen dropping special forces in fields around dammartin-en-goele -
militates trellis ! not special forces just french gendarmerie
stop giving information to the killers. are you stupid ?
it is not a special force, it is sign
i am still confused as to why these " highly trained " individuals left their id in the getaway car
i could but i am not.
in one respect part of me hopes they give the french armed police a legitimate reason .....
i think they ultimately want their day in court and a platform upon which the world will look.
i suspect they were rather distracted. can not think why ...
but why precisely an id, why not siesta tablets ?
do not ask too many questions someone might accuse you of being a journalist
maybe the gunmen were better trained than the getaway driver ?
it is not inconceivable that the terrorists were on anti-anxiety beds and were amp would.
highly trained does not necessarily mean always smart.
exactly. something which is not achieved through a day at the shooting range ...
. highly trained by secret services …
as they smartest criminals make mistakes too !
the answer will probably start with “ s “. stupid, or staged and depends on smart.
maybe they want to get caught
classic misdirection. probably seals or mi6.
really is that confirmed ?
these men were clearly military trained ...
the bullet groupings were super tight for automatic fire ...
maybe they were convinced they would die ? just guessing
sometimes it is hard to tell
at least 11 dead in shooting at hq of in ( police source )
this is the future of europe. thank you ...
rt at least 11 dead in shooting at hq of in (police source)
at least 11 dead in shooting at hq of in (police source) ”
is a very beautiful country
the " appropriate " response to is not to urge " respect " for islam , but to assert liberty
those protesting in the street that caused the liberals to go nuts. they were right
the future must not belong islamic murderers who silence freedom with violence.
what is a genuine “ muslim if not someone who is happy to slaughter the innocent.
their which is inclined to prevent being happy slaughtering the innocent.
about hurting our genuine muslim friends around the globe.
breaking : french media reporting two suspects of attack are killed | more at :
great work the security men has done a great work
shooting gunmen said they ‘ wouldn’t kill women ’
finally the people of can have a peace tonight
better than being water according to us state dept.
good the world is a better place without them !
this mean an end to violent attack to cartoonist ?
perfect also in one pig killed.
breaking media reporting two suspects of attack killed | more at :
media reporting two suspects of attack are killed ”
bunnies rip it was because of me 🙏🙏🙏
they are not worth crying for brother,
crying a river over them
i am & amp ; will forever defend freedom of speech . terrorists make a mockery of islam .
thank you from i am grateful to you for your peaceful tweet.
u can rise but they just behead u cause there not enough, voices to quiet.
i disagree. the most practice is clearly different to that which is preached to justify atrocities.
how must be within those communities terrific crimes committed in name of various religions, mostly
may peace be with you too. thank you x
i do that by paying my uk taxes and supporting my police and my army.
you are both right. this struggle is a collective responsibility. there is strength in unity against terrorism
then you are westernized or secular because you cannot blaspheme your deity or speak against your prophet !
agree its the collective struggle across the human race !
moderates should explicitly condemn such verses and habits that are used as basis rather contextualizing tm
of course but please forgive me if i consider muslim believers closer to this than myself f ex.
those are good things to speak against ! praise the lord !
perhaps they may have a better understanding. this is why we should engage with islamic communities more.
you are right. fear stems from evil. you breed it then you become it
you moderate must react against criminals like your obligation as believers of !
i am backing you all the way but there is a lot of dirty games in politics unfortunately
six explosions heard at kosher supermarket where a number of hostages were taken
instead of deflecting and trashing whites, defend your shitty inferior false religion.
clever response. you must be from the french newspaper
typical white with no brains. lol
typical deflecting from 1400 yrs of islamic violence by pointing at someone else.
votes for state -- zionists stage false flag operation.
one small well placed strike in yemen would send a clear message of consequences.
the west does not have the balls.
there is a very easy solution to 1400 yrs of nearly non-sop islamic violence.
it seems the nights are getting darker than
the only profit these people are interested in is money
there is a very easy resolution for the ongoing problem of 1400 yrs of islamic violence ...
two words for you hindu push. motive ?
that is the kind of stupidity i would expect from someone with a name like choudhury nasser.
whereas had too scientists and inventors and practically invented everything. they showed in science museum
have committed atrocities towards non brits. read a history book moron
another bullshit story by the pigs at sky news
typical brainless white said from california.
always deflect and never accuse their own of imperialism or oppression. typical garbage.
you must have no life. just stop writing stupid comments.
brilliant satirists did not attack , but poked fun @ & amp ; of all kind inc & amp ;
world has a duty to unite in championing the satirical work cruelly interrupted today in france !
which these extremists can not and probably will not ever understand. saddening.
i am not sure if this post is meant to be satirical or not but ...
tribute to the victims long live of expression
islam is not the enemy . muslims are not the enemy .
that is my dream as well & lt
is not the enemy. muslims are not the enemy. ”
crazy extremists are the enemy tho
hate and judgment is the enemy.
charlie hebdo will print 1 million copies of next issue .
destined to be a part of many saved mags.
you do know the guy was a far right borderline fascist, right ?
i hope one day no one will insult the prophet , not because of terrorist threats but because he is
you should understand first that in occidental life all is open for critic. freedom of opinion
the fact that you even have to say that shows how fucked up your religion is.
fuck you and the prophet. do not let this terrorist in the country.
respect comes if it is earned.
no one can be universally respected by the whole of humankind.
why would someone is imaginary friend be universally respected ? - asking as libertarian.
the biggest insult to any prophet must be those psychopaths that use his name to commit atrocities
u should read well every item in this world/universe is criticisable. try to open ur mind
religion is one democracy is another stuff
i think the west is far from ready to accept any universality, apart from its own.
the staff of agence france presse stand in silence & amp ; solidarity to remember their murdered colleagues .
powerful. violence can not silence france !
thank you for sharing this ...
thanks for all the and for all the journalists & lt
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
thanks for the support you show to france
armed amp saudi is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
the staff of agency france press stand in silence & amp ; solidarity.
from thank you for this act !
thank you for your support louise.
france on high alert after deadly attack on paris offices of charlie hebdo :
socialists protecting terrorists we protecting them also
the key word here is “ after “
mt on high alert after deadly attack on paris offices of : ”
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
interesting analysis ... who is starting the wars though ? and profiting all the while ?
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
on high alert deadly attack on offices of 12 deaths
rt on high alert after deadly attack on paris offices of charlie held :
two were there during the attack, they were executed.
a office was bombed today via christian terrorist, white super mist,
attack that killed policewoman south of paris being treated as " terrorist " , french prosecutors say
attack that killed policewoman south of paris being treated as “ terrorist “, french prosecutors say
so does that make it 13 killed ?
i wish that all news outlets publish is cartoons/satire tomorrow on their front pages as a tribute to the dead
it is just a shame they will not.
go tell your newspaper to be the first one to do it.
twitter doing a great job of publicizing the cartoons well done
as a matter a fact i bet news outlets blur the image
the papers have already done that. pixelated !! cowards
they will not. liberals and panderers
they must not just wish.
let’s keep that up x
i also wish same but media do not have balls to republish cartoon now. terrorism won.
will continue publishing in wake of the attack :
the held lives on will continue publishing in wake of the attack :
because they are very brave.
do not be too brave “ : will continue publishing in wake of the attack : ”
they need to continue to publish, never let them silence freedom of speech
only good news to come out of this tragedy so far.
greetings to them. they represent best of humanity.
got play it most boring
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
media spreads hate for & amp ; muslims
will continue publishing in wake of the attack : ” good. do not let them win
very brave response. never give up if front of some bunch of losers !!!
why help me understand why the killing will continue.
the shooting @ " charlie hebdo " , in france , is a horrible tragedy . ignorance , hatred and
we have to be careful in paris today.
its so horrible. no words for this
i just heard the news in australia. so sad. scary what this world is coming to ...
just heard about this. the world needs to stop fighting each other.
i am just devastated ans still cannot believe it 🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷🇫🇷
i want to say thank you for all simple plan has done for me
update - afp reports will publish an edition of the magazine as normal next week
update eight reports will publish an edition of the magazine as normal next week ”
would anyone expect anything else ?
good good good do not bow down to the terrorist scum
the profit has been expunged !
gt excellent. everyone should buy it.
the prophet has been avenged ………. x 3 4r5e-i-i()le5 set-up by cowards who always choose unarmed targets ?
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim
this image and hashtag trending in france after attack :
this image and hash tag trending in france after attack : “
shootings lead to firebomb attacks on french mosques ( pic : j f monier/afp )
and i have a bridge i want to sell you ... so stupid and naive are you.
because never invaded . smdh ! shame on you !
. there is no evidence the attack * led * to this ! stop spinning and falsifying information !
no point in telling you till you get a sense of humor !!!
before that even ... we do not want marxists and zionists .... the eu is covert repackaged communist party
then get rid of the vegetarians. . lol
you do not do humor or irony then ???
. i cannot compare to you
no this is a unconnected, lone wolf attack nothing to do with revenge !!!
i agree. this is just what the terrorists want.
i think that is an unfair generalization. i have muslim friends who are decent, normal people.
i am which part was ironic and which was funny ?
sow the reap the whirlwind.
and a is smiling ...
2nd hostage situation unfolding in france as swat teams respond to situation at grocery in paris neighborhood - ,
maybe this will just blow over seven days.
everything happened when you guy leave
yeah you will be on a watch list now
holy crap why i keep saying i want to go back but now i am not sure ....
it is probably not smart to be linking yourself with terrorism low
you will understand why i cannot favorite your tweet advising avoiding port de incenses southeast paris
oh my gosh oops. i did not mean that. i take it back !
prayers for the safety of all involved the world community
. finally these situations are being viewed by media as terrorism as opposed to political ideology of the mid-east
yeah do not go back just yet low
great now people are going to be after us .... 😑
left out it was a jewish grocery.
indian artist sudarsan pattnaik and his tribute to those killed in the attack on charlie hebdo
nor will bomb the mosques finish terrorism, it will only make them more resentful, more determined.
awesome rt artist sudarsan pattnaik and his tribute to those killed in the attack on charlie held
artist pattnaik and his tribute to those killed in the attack on charlie held ”
rt artist pattnaik and his tribute to those killed in the attack on charlie held
lovely. mt artist sudarsan pattnaik makes sand tribute to those killed in the attack on
congrats on your tweet !
your tweet is now featured on my * bump it *
every time i think i see the best cartoon another great one comes out .
my father told me never to get in between dwelling banjos !
every time i think i see the best cartoon another great one comes out. ”
i so agree with u on that. _
i found about 20 in my stream. (i may have to make one of my own)
the pen is more powerful than the sword !
the pen got me know where.
as long as it is sharpe ' enough ...
some press now blurring charliehebdo cartoons as cartoonists foresaw . this one says " charlie hebdo should be veiled "
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
i think you mean rather than equivocation, right ? ie saying muslim/jew/catholic same
equivocation means prevarication as in the false equating of muslim, christian & amp ; jewish extremists
i condemn the cowardly attacks. terrorism is not religion. this inhumane. god bless everyone
a victory for those behind that barbaric act, alas.
looks like that rabbi has a bong.
that false equivocation did not save their live huh
we should expect next week is cover to be a full satirical portrait of the prophet.
that is safe enough the jews not going to kill you
standing up for freedom of speech , i am tweeting the cartoon my homage to the french martyrs
what is d significance of d stony silence of leftists ?
translation needed. without it is not making much impact.
i say it as atheist that live inside jewish-arab society-we should not rt pics that affect the religious feelings
dear in our imperfect reality by touching these super sensitive issues we serve our enemies.
a movie that is been stalled by censor board for two years for hurting christian sentiments
100 lashes if you are not dying of laughter “
can someone translate what the cartoon says please ?
i know what you mean. just frustrating that some people express their issues by taking innocent lives
charlie hebdo : don’t blame this bloodshed on france’s muslims | nabila ramdani
very truth. why should they us, who carried it blames them. | manila rampant
they are responsible sold take d blame when jesus was abused no bloodshed why always them
stop the apology non sense.
. it is. no question.
that is your mere sluggish thinking. whosoever harms anyone needs to be reprimanded.
we will blame it on france is eskimos just to keep the peace loving muslims happy.
who is blaming all ? it is your violent beliefs that are getting scrutinized. nice straw man
i will blame two of france is muslims.
much respect to for this . seriously , thank you :
this is not the controversial piece. this is
in the best tradition of woodward and bernstein, well done the washington post.
tweet has been duly reported at !
definitely. i almost always greatly respect the wp but today i’m also very grateful to them
stop the public flogging of blogger rail malawi
is this the day that free speech died a little ? cartoonist is poignant response to the attack
sad but true day that free speech died a little ? response to the attack ”
am so shocked . charlie hebdo is editors , journalists , cartoonists are killed by islamic terrorists . time to
this craze comparison between hindus & amp ; muslims is sham. conspiracy 2cultivate sense of insecurity
actually i replied to not you !! haha
incident was riot and muslims started that by burning the train
it was declared 1400 years ago. unfortunately the world still not realizing this
should that all super secular ' political parties in india would be cleaned out.
u have problem with each and every religion across the globe
and what about many child lost their lives in terrorist attacks by haas
most images liars social media terrorists put on web are.
madam u r emphatically wrong. if anybody follow religion truthfully, it is terrorists.
then what is difference them and us ?
maybe but you are believing fucking terrorists ' religion.
time to declare you as a ' bitch ' as well what about that ?
disease grow surgical precision needed. locally. as says its 4 muslims 2reform
fuck off stop mentioning me in your tweets !
time to declare as worst bitch of india. shame on you.
yes ignore the victims. their deaths means nothing. get a heart.
what the hell is a prophet, that sounds like a fairy tail.
it simply shows what kind of terrorists these hypocrites are ! they are not sad for death of
shows level of disgust the believers have reached. unless extreme comfort sets in, reforms will not surface
many from savagery branded as hahn what a
if few intolerant ppm can brand hindus as raw extremists, - brigade = terrorist is islam. analogy
the are proud they do not defame dead by putting images all over internet.
of conflicts within and between muslim countries. many, many lies.
no religion preach terrorism only few people does
a first victim of attack,
what is truth here. terrorism has no religion. like what happened in 2002.
why wasting time with this bastard 👉👉
i agree here. major voices have to come from within.
photo boy recovers from surgery after israeli police shot him in eye
wow you are a specialist in islam ? cz you know everything about it right ?
okay you do not have to tell me wt
we are not fucking terrorists !!!!!!!
who the hell is telling you
yes you are right seed samiuddin
this is bitten too much.
what freedom talking about sis, when palestinian children were killed none of these opposed the act.
sis is born ross so she speaks against islam mouthpiece of caddies no 1 can finish islam
well i am free to defend my religion, freedom of speech right ?
cartoonists around the world continue to show support for , this by famous is kash
and pen is mightier than bullet !
... is matter of time these criminal will soon brought to justice
bots will conquest all the world.
how the jewish pro-censorship lobby legitimized attacks on carlie hebdo for " offensive " speech
short time sensations works just nice in some places often !!
spell it out for me.
what is wrong with my question ?
i left it yesterday.
oh yeah then the came in and shot everyone among you pathetic moron
has killed many more innocents than 12
fact that the article is almost 6 years old shows how desperate wiki are to find a jewish conspiracy
. the protocols of the elders of
and how many of them did they kill, julian ?
this conversation is going nowhere and everywhere. i will take my leave.
them i was replying to what said
i acknowledged it. ends convoy *
i am not sure you mean the same thing by “ zionist “ as i do.
i think we may be at cross purposes.
do not you find anything wrong with your question ?
this tweet is like another shah ! someone calls netanyahu
. please. are against the state of israel.
pencil sketch tribute ...
yes i saw it this morning ! great minds think alike hey ...
that is brilliant that mate .... well done
fantastic simplistic piece great message though
makes for a fantastic cover.
in 14 modern amp ;
pencil sketch tribute ... ” the best tribute i have seen so far. brilliant
in 14 modern amp ;
have you see this ? rt :
. the two terrorists are dead . the hostage is alive .
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
how nice it would have been to apprehend the terrorists and squeeze vital information out of them.
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack against humankind as a turkish muslim
the two terrorists are dead. the hostage is alive. ” hell ya
please rt petition calling for solidarity w …
freedom of common sense what a concept.
hey i am not putting my address on that petition. change the
sure. after i set up a petition to censor your freedom of expression.
nothing says solidarity with victims like a petition.
better petition to put firearms in the hands of defenseless citizens
. how about a petition to stop these cartoons ?
i find it kind of sad that this does not come natural,
that is what i was thinking when i saw your tweet. now bugger off.
and even needs a petition. /signed.
please submit your own versions of as well.
british press publish horrifying photos of police officer being murdered - but not charlie hebdo cartoons . strange values .
of course not. you have only got time for unthinking bigotry and hatred.
i would not thanks for the reply.
i see nothing wrong with it. it is the reality which is hidden and not felt.
did any newspaper publish the cartoons ? in india at least one newspaper has shown the courage
if you were a friend or relative of the murdered police officer, you might feel differently.
they are moral pure and simple.
is full of sniveling cowards these days. it is disgraceful.
because they are scared shirtless of the pc backlash. remember, the government panders to the minority.
values greed based system of inherited privilege enforced by state violence and inbred complicit courts.
my naive guess lots of terrorism/terrorists funding media
the press do not have values.
the is firmly under the jackboot of political correctness.
not paper. silly auto correct.
you know you have lost the debate when you start rattling off “ bigotry “ and “ islamophobia “
press that does not publish the cartoons are cowards
same in craven and shameful.
oh france .... my heart breaks for the horrible terrorist attack on my beloved paris . je t'aime
i am as shocked as you are.
in times of outrage , intolerance becomes contagious . guard against those who blame all muslims for paris attacks
absolutely billy and this is just the attitude and reaction that mm will promote. .
why would blame all muslims ?? what a stupid fucking statement.
and i respect her right to do that.
you billy that am tickled pink to see you in hobart later this month
. his under threat of death for over a decade) disagrees w/you.
let is have a million man march then billy - i will be there- one voice
i can hear you singing this !!
you are a true example to follow.
in times of appeasement guard against those who refuse to acknowledge that certain beliefs are abhorrent
has returned from holidays with a tribute cartoon
the pen is mightier than the sword ! fuck islam !
the pen is only mightier when it convinces more men with swords to intervene.
more gold from the champ !!!!!
as always from mark spectacular welcome back - we missed you (love mecca too)
can not read or write. .
bit of a ripoff of one of the earliest tribute cartoons from today
brilliant rt has returned from holidays with a tribute
why is this brilliant do the terrorists respect pencils ? fwits. get the guns out.
try as they may but evil will never win
rt has returned from holidays with a tribute cartoon ”
have been better if those cowardly balaclava scumbags were cowering for their lives
rt brilliant rt with a tribute
lets hope so in memory of our fallen patriots from france.
has returned from holidays with a tribute cartoon ”
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody
i expect the reprinted cartoons to be splashed everywhere in the herald-sun tomorrow ?
sad that the whole religion is denigrated though. i know of some amazing muslims.
ditto. the mosque is at the end of our road. nice people.
the pen is mightier than the suicide bomb ?
i wake up to and massacre , the violence of both betraying the insecurity & amp ; weakness of the
amen. extreme hatred is running amok.
well said. insecure people are easily manipulated. easily controlled by the media. sleeper terrorists. .
... someone steps up a coordinated effort to keep us all at each other is throats ?
and now the synagogue car bomb.
charlie hebdo offended religious sensibilities ? so did the nigerian schoolgirls daring to go to school .
so did the in burma who were burnt alive by buddhists, the docile
al qaeda added editor to most wanted list for publishing prophet muhammad cartoons
but i thought theirs was a religion of peace and understanding ?!
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
you in the sense mud scums want to kill everybody !
if only these terrorists took out the daily mail, then everyone would be happy.
why still refer to him as ' prophet ? '
why do him the honor of calling him'prophet ' ?
really is the ' prophet ' of paul acre and the daily mail ?
the ' prophet ' ? do you ever write the ' lord ' jesus ?
no surprise after all we are all on their list anyway for being non believers ! backwards
. changes its avatar on twitter to " je suis charlie " after attack on .
or not. mt changes its avatar on twitter to “ he sews charlie “
anyone who attacks mosques or abuses muslims in the aftermath of is doing the work of the jihadis by persecuting
you would do well to follow these guys more closely. very balanced
i would like to rt this, but i am blocked.
all are apart from the gunmen.
if they are praying using duran - they are not innocent
of that is right.
blocked i do not understand.
i never said anything bad to them and never would.
excuse there is no excuse.
depends on your definition of ' balanced ' .....
i will look out for your tweets to see if they fall in line with that sentiment
hours before the attack , published a cartoon featuring the islamic state : ( epa )
still that should not be an excuse. god never said kill for me
also had a long history of anti israel cartoons ...
looks like us media is scared & amp ; distance themselves from charlie.
not hours before the attack. has been some time.
so still no excuse or justification whatsoever for this !!
hours before the published a cartoon on the islamic state :
inside job this attack had to have been planned for longer than a few hours
cartoonists around the world respond to the killings :
there are so many verses
this cartoonists around the world respond to killings : “
believing men and women will bear the guilt of slander and obvious sin. (hale em)
some wacky doodle imam religion. leader) will inter the corn to justify kill.
they also killed an unarmed innocent street cleaner because they are stone cold killers who follow an evil ideology
commemorates muslim police officer ahmed merabet murdered in charlie hebdo attack
killing their own people ... sad ....
salman rushdie makes an impassioned plea to defend the art of satire
am i an extremist “ ? & amp ; a “ waspish fatwa “ ?
the more i read the more gut wrenchingly depressing it is . killing people for fun using religion as an
you are minimizing what is behind these events calling religion an excuse- it is the motive and justification
powerful and rather sad image.
they are doing not for fun but because of their religion.
well the gloves need to come off now
they are pathetic a twisted belief.
any ' god ' that can not handle a cartoon about itself is pretty weak in my opinion.
not merely as an as a direct motivation. we should be clear about that.
could not agree more. except tossers is not a strong enough word to use.
why are you distancing religion from this barbarity ? this is part of the problem.
thank the world needs more eminent people to speak up against this murderous madness
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
french police block road to longpont , north-east of paris , as hunt for suspects in attack continues
cartoons drawn for held :
would have been so much more poetic if it had been the road to roue ...
the famous super thick fast shield of
is always right. vote skip for common sense, and a brilliant manifesto.
elite police in village of longboat during search for suspects in attack
sausage fingers or has toby pinched your phone ?
« he drew first » cartoon for team from cartoonist ( canberra times , australie )
as an i strongly condemn the
people died today for telling jokes .
people died today for telling jokes. ”
and not particularly funny ones at that.
i do not know whether to be depressed or furious or a combination of both.
yo should write about it my son.
whenever it is funny.
and some people are making jokes out of this tragedy.
in this telling jokes = shouting truths
people died today for telling jokes. ”
since when is blasphemy a joke !
sorry you are an intolerant islamic cocksucker.
fucking world we live in ... i am so angry for this shit !!!
people were murdered today for telling jokes.
people died today for telling jokes.
it is good to see the worldwide defense of those artists and journalists. thanks for them.
when you have lost hezbollah ...
extremists who behead & amp ; slaughter people “ lulu ... that could be hezbollah in syria
have the idiots killed him yet ? give them time.
expressions of sorrow and anger after charlie held attack
maybe he just does not like anyone else is center of attention ?
expressions of sorrow and anger after charlie held attack
we need to hear more of that !
wow when you have lost hezbollah ... ” via
more police arrive at hostage situation scene in eastern paris ( live )
more police arrive at hostage situation scene in eastern paris (live) ”
why does not that person gives interview in american ? can not understand what he is saying.
if all white people are not responsible for than neither should all muslims be responsible for .
someone who thank you !
nail. on. the. head. perfect explanation !
" but who wants the english in europe ? " quite enjoying some of these covers :
rip. get all out of civilization. it is either us or them.
rather worrying that was understood to be the english, even in caricature.
i know that woman god bless charlie held : keep taking the piss !
as an i find this extremely insulting ... but bloody funny ! ha ha ha
entirely accurate depiction of pasty baby britshits
charlie hebdo to continue publishing in the wake of the attack
good for so i wish we had journalist we could be proud of
religions driven are 🙏🙏
held to continue publishing in the wake of the attack. “ they must.
can not even tolerate difference of opinion and teach others freedom of speechstro imposing your thinking on others
stop imposing your views on others
that is wrong. religion should not be made fun of
post office’s around the world should deliver2isis first class.
chief justice of in the supreme court of india
anyone who disagrees with you belongs to the 7th century.
and get some added security if anything you publish might offend a muslim.
warm words for these fighters of liberty with pencil ! thx
what bravery looks like. : charlie held to continue publishing ... ”
i still do not get that joke
held to continue publishing in the wake of the attack
try to find a you belong in the 7th century.
they believe it is not religion its ideology !!! ❗️💋💋
held to continue publishing in the wake of the attack ”
headquarters of and in berlin .
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
you will find more photos of the gatherings around the world at
: love is stronger than hate .
and death more permanent than life
if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also member of car+trilateral commission
what a tragic day ... : : love is stronger than hate.
well that is what most of us are feeling about this gunman. love is losing the war jane
rt : love is stronger than hate. ””
love is stronger than hate. ” (via)
love is not going to bring those dead in paris back
love is stronger than hate. ”
if only they could have heard the message ... rt : love is stronger than hate.
. : in many respects , indian liberals agree with the islamic extremists who attacked .
shows state of ' s confused liberals
no comments. 400 years ago who started to kill innocent people in the name of religion.
well amazingly equated killing journalists with protest against nd then they wonder why they get trolled
no comments. i totally disagreed. terrorist has no religion. please be careful
of course they do ... it is obvious watching local tv and easing local media.
not sure you know how to read if that is what you think i said.
no extremists protecting honor of gods and women ?
u mean those terrorists were atheists ? this is news indeed !!
no other democracy is media thrives on being anti-majoritarian as india. it is actually shocking
intolerance. different scales for different religions ?
am reading air sangria article for the first time ... a great piece to read indeed !
all who said this week must today say - i am a jew . stand with france is jews against
not so sure about mrs t.
do not forget two.
come and talk with like minded people at doom chat
and and thatcher would have acted, too.
you are but line in sand has been drawn.
i stand with is jews
. deserve it because occupation settlement international banks war hate.
aside from the no.
amen to too.
snort that will be the day. how about
in solidarity with freedom of speech and religion and we should all tweet
are you taking about the terrorist attack on the french news company ?
uk is security committee cobra to meet later , following attack
stop offending others ' religion ! otherwise more problems will rise !
yesterday is killing of cartoonists in france reveals link between freedom of expression and security in today is world
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
one of my favorite lagers.
hold n embolden the crazies ?
what can they do when there are tens of thousands like the murderers already infesting britain ?
preparing for civil no doubt.
is security committee cobra to meet later, following attack
what an absolute waste of tax payers money just a total bloody waste of money
charlie hebdo cartoonist wolinski’s daughter : ‘ i don’t think you can kill ideas ’
still no answer about your foolish accusation.
held cartoonist polanski’s daughter : ‘ i don’t think you can kill ideas ’ ”
question 1. do you believe in talking snakes ?
perhaps i had equal control of my computer that question would be pertinent ???
tell that to the us dod and its partners.
i am afraid you are failing this test miserably.
it about you jumping on your crusading alter to better your criminal enterprise ..........
' criminal enterprise ' education ?
there is not a fruit n veg stall insight ???
question 3 should all religions be treated equally ?
you mean if i call it slavery you are comfortable with capitalism ???
question 2 do you believe that at one time horses could fly ?
maybe a break for information.
its about you misunderstanding a satirical magazine.
i think so many ideas have been forgot
question 4 do you understand the picture below ?
perhaps i am trying to ignore your irritating are .....
is it like blood instead of sweat ???
of course you would !!!
no answer to any you have obviously not being studying. i am afraid u ...
willful ignorance. fair enough.
your tongue is pretty busy ???
interesting this is what coons like blaine compare did to african pride ?
not that kind of i think
' your life ' take your ' rake ' some other place .....
held cartoonist polanski’s daughter : ‘ i don’t think you can kill ideas ’ ”
question 5 do you understand this ?
yeah from with love .........
no you can not kill ideas we can all take an freedom of thoughts
you do not know the important difference between satire and insult.
tremendous front page to today is . bravo et al . simply brilliant . ↓
in 14 modern amp ; & amp ; re tweeted
breathtaking . the cover of next week is new yorker , by ana juan
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
breathtaking. the cover of next week is new worker, by ana juan ”
will survive .
will survive. brave. long live all humor in truth.
the question is whether they have the capability to produce 20x their normal print run ...
kudos. all power to you all
write an version and i will subscribe.
hats off for the spirit.
they r daring com of being unscrupulous. we r daring com of being educative.
go for it. prove pen is mightier than the sword.
wonderful. . best news ever. x
i salute your bravery and determination.
will survive.
will survive.
who are the terrorists idf killed 2,500 in gaza last summer.
so heartbroken for france ... thinking of all my french friends across the sea today
even a broken pencil can still write
so heartbroken for france ... thinking of all my french friends across the sea today "
this is a tribute honoring the charlie held magazine staff
very impressed with the art statement. well done sister. blessed with many trips to fr.
well illustrated. freedom of press will always rise from the ashes. long live charlie held
60 seconds of .
too scared to put it on your front page though.
bluffers hold up the cartoons !
show the cartoon then ... come on
unconditional support for terrorists but crocodile tears over charlie held.
it is ok to criticize charlie hebdo : their cartoon of boko haram sex slaves as welfare queens :
to stand with this work in death. but that does not invalidate heinousness of crime.
i am not made fun of people like me and their pain every fucking day.
what are you even saying.
exactly. it is really disrespectful to ask people charlie did not stand for in life & gt ;
so this of held is not working for me.
yes. it is like how fucking hard is to be like murder and racism is bad ?!
obviously not a good but this cartoon presumably has some context.
well that is not offensive. sarcasm intended. thanks for the translation.
has been socialized by most ignorant westerners who think anyone who is or shares similarities with middle easterners
rt it is ok to criticize charlie held and their cartoons : ”
. certainly to criticize. not ok to defend those who killed them.
not justifying the murders but that cartoon looks pretty frigging racist. i do not read french !
i hope you realize that islam is not a race
when literally no one has said anything of the sort ??
to all my muslim friends : you do not need to apologize for the attack in paris . a criminal
agreed always is but not publicized as it should be ... currently on national news condemning
you are a brave young man.
exactly if only the media and the wider community could also understand this ..... islam is not the problem
have you read the duran ? do you know shit ?
the never asks muslims to kill in the name of god or kill at all
finally someone that is a decent human bag hahn x
this has nothing to do with the topic we were discussing
read the i but you will not.
there is an elephant in the room ..... the q has several versions only does not kill ppm.
shame. i agree with his views on israel.
do not be so single minded.
you should read peter “ questioning islam “ ...... i have, but you will not.
of course they are not taught correct islam, do not generalize the case
the says that whoever kills an innocent is killing the entire human race so what are you saying
there are going to be an awful lot of muslims in hell, would not you agree ?
and this is an actual verse in duran
book contains no opinion ... he shows each contradiction from original or accepted texts.
it is a peaceful some people practicing it is simply not
media had their part to play too, they have to give more air time to moderates.
god was telling that he is with the muslims, strengthening them and putting faith in their hearts
yea. i do know shit
you should read book because its historically revealing. the contradictions in q are many.
who is dis is gleeful, revenge is so sweet
try reading i with 0 grudges
the first victim in the attack was a police officer guarding the building. his name ? ahmed,
unlike the you do not interpret the duran the way you want to
alas yes. never read holy book w so many passages railing angst unbelievers
we are discussing the voracity of verse which promote killing. i have shown you hat.
an estimated 6000 jews left france last year and the international media paid no heed :
c among 35 hrs of sun per year is not enough ?
there’s shed it was a huge story
is not big on detail according to a mate of mine who knows him.
he is not that stupid.
fairly well covered to me.
or this one it was even on the bbc
hi perhaps this will be of interest to you
you pothead. insinuating that an ethnic group shares the same character traits is racism fuck yourself
judging a whole group by the actions of individuals is the definition of racism.
obviously that is everyone else is fault ...
not once have the media discussed the possibility of further terror attacks following from the latest atrocity
even covered it
go kiss more fascist thanks tosser
why mass immigration at all ? pay british women those billions wasted on non-brits for babies. £5k/mo for1
he is pointing out they left for reasons of feeling insecure due to attacks by muslim/anti-semites
they have no choice and do not want to be labeled racist by having strong border controls.
sure but the people killed recently were not jewish. every westerner should feel insecure there.
shear. i am saying climates of political intolerance are a bad thing for minorities.
ah so coverage is not coverage. that skip “ real world “ view shining through.
have you actually read the duran, dumas and faiths associated with muslim subjection and racism
footballers doing the ' gesture ' and no reports that this is all done in name of islam
that is so awful !!! do you think we can survive ?
shear. would you not describe islamist politics as intolerant, as well as being violent ?
not what i said. i said skip was a racist party. and it is.
an estimated zero enlisted on 9. 12 to fight their “ war on terror “
i have to my local chinese takeaway actually refers to himself as “ the chunky “.
to drive the hatred further against muslims.
of course everyone who supports jews or stands up for them is zionist always the answer
do not you mean 6 million ?
do you consider it a racial slur to use the word jock, spouse or ginger ?
that is because of the weather !
they neglected to post articles in the volume that really should have been required.
gets better you seriously trying to compare islamic terror to skip policy ?!?
it started in with shortage of people for certain jobs so brought in from other countries.
an estimated zero enlisted on 9. 12 to fight their “ war on terror “
i. e police signs in romanian in london, warning pickpockets that police are watching
enlighten me as to why racial slur an is acceptable and racial slur b is not.
try the links i just tweeted. nigel is claim is nonsense.
you’re defending the use of a racial slur, and i’m the narrow-minded one. incredible.
no it is not i have in france and that statement is utter bullshit.
is it racist to favor immigrants because of their geographical relevance ? i.e. the predominantly white eu migrants ?
as within the 140 character limit, no.
. except for all the coverage of it you can find simply by goggling ...
which is not what claimed.
an estimated zero enlisted on 9. 12 to fight their “ war on terror “
do not watch you mean what is going on in france ?
or said differently ... 6,000 millionaires left last year due to high taxes. nigel ...
pouting out is wrong does not equal trolling.
i never saw it on any news channel or on any front pages
suggest you turn on the news right now buddy.
and got it wrong. worse he twisted the facts to suite his cause, grossly offensive !
no. they have been focusing on how muslims are the victims in this event.
presumably you also find it okay to use the n-word because black people use it, then.
. it is scary what politics of intolerance can do really is not it ?
but nobody should be using that word if they do not want certain ppm using it.
not grass roots no. but i know who this works now.
man of care to explain
widespread racism is still racism. i don’t know why you can’t get your head around this.
why are the media singular concerned about how an islamic attack will affect muslims.
not at all. i do it all the time and i am conservative catholic.
i think we both know origins of that word and why that is different.
not that facts ’ ever bother you and your racist party.
yes they should be worried but there has been specific aggression all over europe to jews
racism is still racism.
why would it matter what you are called though if that is what the english want ?
minor figures. is led by a blatant, unrepentant racist.
an estimated zero enlisted on 9. 12 to fight their “ war on terror “
blah. i know of no racist supporters personally.
wow. you are having a nightmare.
why are you trying to argue with using facts ? are not you a patriot ?
and why would it concern an uk politician ?
i think it was pretty good, widespread and high profile. always room for more.
newspapers : put the mohammed cartoon on your front page tomorrow . show them who is running this .
yes does seem to be weak in that department and many others e.g. no support for police.
this is a great idea. but will not happen, unfortunately.
terror is winning. emboldened by our muslim terror loving president who refuses to condemn it.
yes is what the extremists want, whether so called muslims or christians.
the is a flux religious war between conservatives !
conservatives say no more.
basically the same thing as vandalizing a synagogue because you are mad at the israeli government. awful
i like your angle the more they try stop us the more we offend them
not only does not support our police he actively opposes them
there would be blow back from
collectively punishing the world for acts of extremists is both stupid, and what the extremists want
should support them. i could not do their job
i assure you that that is not the value this guy was defending
when you feel justified in killing people over cartoons , you have clearly lost your mind .
well said 100 percent agree with you.
they are so numerous i absolutely despair
blind to reality of global acts to push endless war : journo
smoke seen from building where charlie hebdo attack suspects are located . live video :
i hope they kill them. no mercy.
smoke seen from building where charlie held attack suspects are located : ”
beautiful cover for next week
gagged since 25 years by the press for breaking the silence on corruption
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
amp christians need to be told yahweh was only a volcano
so all you sheep , you make me sick , condemn the killings but do not make heroes and martyrs
the hides the the habits are not so subtle, read the habits to understand islam
stop right there also killed in the name of their god, not issue here cc
shame them using examples of believers like yourself ! have great day !
just following example of prophet - sgt ; killing, raping looting
yet u r discussing the religious issues !
reaction was natural too ?
i guess you do not know much about freedom of the press nor about
had ' afar murdered for writing poems against him sound familiar ?
your moderate does not exist, it is an invention
you are not informed enough to give us your shitty opinion.
read this and think about the fact that published this
good i do hope qatar, use, and bahrain can show your saudi neighbors the way forward
its not racist to expose a vile philosophy people have been being too kind to.
radicalized are a mere puppets of the fiona beta. shia and sunni cc
exactly i totally agree with you.
may you live forever and endure all the pain in the world
ordered murder of ' asia ' bit marian for satirizing him sound familiar ?
the bible also condones stoning cheating spouses-it is a matter of perspective-vast majority of muslims have it cc
the shooters made them martyrs. not the rabble.
and when did you last see christian actually do this ? jihad on other hand
list of killings ordered or supported by muhammad
the french flag flying at half-mast from glasgow city chambers today .
surprise i would have thought you would have flown the isis flag.
you will find more photos of the gatherings around the world at
congratulations on writing a great uk gov tweet. (ranked 1st for jan 8. )
amazed it is not an isis flag going by your previous.
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
rt the flag flying at half-mast from glasgow city chambers today. ”
new yorker is reaction to shooting
new worker is reaction to shooting ”
it is not it is a 2012 cartoon by cartoon editor bob mankoff.
photos from the manhunt for suspects and ongoing hostage situations :
so small america to the rescue again.
they do not like wearing their helmets, eh ? 🚽
i am shaking with rage at the attack on charlie hebdo . it is an attack on the free world
for they did not get this “ attention/compassion “, did not provocateur anyone, just lived their lives
hell you there. shhhh. your generation got us here. stfu.
response must be both merciless and respectful of our legal system. period
much obviously not of wwii was fought strategically. and then we won.
this is with those remarks completely nuts or a servant to comparing with ww2 ?
i do not judge you. i despair of you and wish you well.
how do you think would have responded to radical non-violence ?
i meant to respond to roger cohen is statement about hitler.
you could have been tweeting that in german.
so silly ... your words about paris attack. get real
i am sure he said exactly the same when brain murdered 77 people, mostly kids.
come on keep on breathing please, take a deep breath
at whom should this violence be directed beyond the specific perpetrators, and what form should it take ?
would you mind leaving that coward paper out of my mentions ? thanks.
here is a lesson ' humanity ' just does not seem to learn
a suitable attitude towards this attack, with resp tall cia killed
but are right france/the free world should respond ruthlessly to the us ............
more violence is never an answer to violence. never was. never will be.
what should that ' ruthless ' response look like ?
indeed. it is easier to respond with violence to a nation-state than this.
i reckon that’s exactly the intended reaction.
wrong. was in 1941. is now
feel same about you are blind. cest lave
the free world did not act ruthlessly in 1941.
that is not my war. ask me to help for peace and i will say yes.
we should respond in unity. not with more violence.
as i sad an attack prob initiated by to get france/eu on us-sde in war against terrorism
it began to. and then it did.
help me out here. i am getting bored.
you are loosing your time. psychopaths do not listen.
and who or what do you think saved them ? pacifism ????
the world needs this viewpoint a lot more .
go to and read hitler is religious views. he hated church and was fan of islam
was not a ? hahaha, this is the murder of history ....
was a roman catholic. the bible and roman catholicism is on two opposite spectra.
comments like this are the problem ....
its fact. according to germans should have adopted more suitable religion like islam.
that is an easy way ... but there are millions of violent muslims ...
by liberal are not you supposed to tolerate bigots ? because that hijacks your logic.
as opposed to a genocide of millions caused by an ideology. jog on pal
stop your liberal ass licking. violence is inherent in islam
was not stupid
i followed you for a reason. brainwashed bigots have no place in society.
calling bill gates an ethical person is my main problem with that image.
and still the worst genocides in history are from christians.
a religion is definitely in question if it condones the murder of unbelievers.
twitter users are expressing solidarity with by using the hashtag
will you print the offending cartoon in solidarity ? or kowtow to fascistic bullies ?
no mater what hypocrite obama say to cover them.
about children and women died in gaza what about crimes that happened everyday in usa against black ppm what
wow 63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
update : car on fire in at synagogue in paris is an accident , not related w/ - mayor
another false flag no doubt.
lets hope an accident with terrorists driving car
the threat of violence should not become an excuse or justification for restricting freedom of speech .
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
charlie hebdo will publish this week with a print run of 1 million , up from the usual 60,000
i think that is wonderful !!
way to never cower like did !
i re tweeted this amp ; 2 others !
although i hope it changes to a permanent 1 million !
i would be nice if you could share a link to buy for u.s. readers
attack on : the intl community cannot allow extremists to silence the free flow of opinions
rt attack on the into community cannot allow extremists to silence the free flow of opinions
making fun of the others is extremism just like your suggestion
the only way to solve terrorism is to nuke the middle east but ur all pussies
rt attack on (we) cannot allow extremists to silence the free flow of opinions
extremists mankind has an immense problem.
unless the international community forces the islamist to eliminate diktats which are against current values it will continue !
... whoever committed this remarkable act. congrats
remind ourselves what the were :
the into community allows it all the time. ever heard of a guy named snowmen ?
really retards !
this was a terrible and inhuman attack, i strongly condemn theses acts of the extremists.
no one justify the deadly attack but respecting the others ' religion is mandatory like freedom of opinion
editor , assassinated today , said in 2012 : " i prefer to die standing than to live on my
nope. still not seeing condolences and outrage from moderate ' on trend. * surprise *
i would be curious to know more about that
this guy is my hero.
every politician in the and has been for more and other non-white immigration
i believe turkey involved in it somehow supporting jihad terrorism. jan9/2013, saline cans killed, anniversary ??
it is interesting who is allowed to break these principles and who is not, no ?
he’s a better man than me, gunge din.
the right not to be offended does not exist.
political correctness is only a respectable name for political expediency.
that depends whether you wield a pen or a sword
the quote is derivation is from oppressed communities justifying violence.
brave man. salute him.
principles are not relative. like free speech.
you have to be mentally disturbed to shot people over a cartoon 😐
sad truth , is that if u crticize even after massacre , u wl still b labeled ' right wing
condemning all instead of the few extremists responsible is disgusting. they are not to blame.
can any doctor anywhere in the world find a cure for this secular mindset.
and my karma is to expose the fraud conjecture of the karma theory used to oppress davits
and of course what docent suit these islamist can always be branded as a conspiracy of the west.
liberal society can no longer shy away from the problem, needs to be rescued from loonies
sale knowledge walk. tum jesse his log home h jo convert hoke sugar dante h.
is evil n satanic. but still people will gloriously show their liberal side n defend it.
a powerful front cover :
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
a powerful front cover : ”
the famous french cartoonist , charb assassinated in , wrote recently about .
. stop fooling yourself we all know that the majority of kurd are muslim
and what was the extremists ' religion ?
the famous cartoonist, chart assassinated in, wrote recently about. ”
loved your post by not post on proximity based travel network ?
the famous cartoonist, chart assassinated in, wrote recently about. ”
. only some are stupid like you
amazing ' 0 but so sad ...
so well totally agreed whit him, what loss rip !!!
he had many enemies.
he is the same guys that disrespected our prophet recently just to let you all know !
that was very eloquently said.
and this was a man killed by muslims for their “ god “. what a waste.
the famous cartoonist, chart assassinated in, wrote recently about. ”
man urinates in the mosque ! prophet asks to let him to finish , then wash it away . then
and now we have come to people “ avenging “ the prophet for a cartoon
then the rabbi and priest say ...
that is exactly how to teach someone calmly
is that the same prophet who beheaded hundreds of men ?
i see raping children just like muhammad the nonce
why didn’t bit get the same courtesy ? all she did was written a poem
that is not an insult it is “ ignorance “
is a cancer it must be removed
let deal with them later.
true. i follow you just to know about islam more.
this is the cover of prophet mohammed that provoked firebombing of its offices
100 lashes if you are not dying of laughter “
i do not speak was it even funny ?
media calls it a secular act
. saved lives of and thank god they did not say anything on this god.
terrible if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also member of car+trilateral commission
oh not again fine.
let 2015 be the year that women all around the world took up cartooning/comics to tell their stories .
this was my via
existing a word named also
the best one of these i have seen
that is and fab to see you drawing ! xx
please read my other tweets.
... every tweet stands for itself. there are differences between men and women ... but ...
good luck with it !
hi see if any of this is helpful.
masked gunmen pictured near offices
another turning us against each other. get off the chessboard people.
people are mostly idiots
oh but it is only a few dysfunctional individuals
it is state came to france.
double standards when killed in paris - is terrorism, in ukraine - they be rebels
small as in about of islam. small as 350000000m
rt masked gunmen pictured near offices ”
true cowardice : blurred out stereotypical imam in cover of , left image of stereotypical hasidic jew .
because there are not late bombers / gefilte-fascists walking around in dynamite kippers. one side has monopoly.
do not kill you for hating judaism, not by their actions encourage terrorist acts against journos
you daily news are despicable. yes you.
why you do not see hasidim jews deliberately executing innocent journalists and artists ?
those shifty who control the media,
and as long as satire directed at islam is blurred the message to extremists is * violence works *
in tradition of and freedom of speech against
my video about combating and assam rockets
so many boycotts. now it is the daily news. at least we still have twittered.
do you have a picture of this ?
" this is an attack on free speech " - french president hollande after shooting :
now we are on the same page.
this is an attack on bullshit of
should freedom of speech be a mockery to other people is religion
what you mean is intellectual or religious bullish.
it is pretty just do not read it, if it offends you
freedom of speech has otherwise this will occur and they will free totally
i thought would say, “ it is an attack on free sex. “
yes. that is the free part.
there is no right not to be offended.
free speech. rude speech
is push terrorist story, not the terrorist story
can not shout fire “ in a crowded theater either. nothing is absolute.
is time for the to expel all muslims from europe before is too late.
free speech free provocation free offend free retaliation !
logic apples and oranges ? religion is a choice and every choice is open for criticism.
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
you are trying some really difficult mental gymnastics to justify this attack, are not you ?
too many news organisations now showing online footage of killings at office but not the cartoons for which they were
this was cartoonist chart is killed today last one ...
and still no mm coverage of the us bombing ... hypocrisy much ?
to frigging afraid these news agencies will never report on islam now through fear.
. we still remember the danish cartoonist some terrorist tried to are …
the cartoon has come up a few times on my tl.
so are you trying to say that the attacks are justifiable because of the cartoons !?!
is murder justified for any kind of cartoons ?
that is because the media. are spineless
it is crazy to kill ppm over cartoon
they be bombed or something if they did ?
stupid alert stupid alert ! so, let´s attack monty python either ?!
excellent ! the new cinema and art critics
excellent the new cinema and art critics ”
excellent the new cinema and art critics ” inuit 👍👍
amp christians need to be told yahweh was only a volcano …
rt excellent the new cinema and art critics
journalists inside dammartin asked to avoid filming police positions to not alert suspects where they are .
good. if they have a tv they will know exactly what i am going on
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim.
journalists dam martin asked to avoid filming police positions so not to alert suspects ”
if we submit to extremists this cartoon by robert mankoff from the new yorker will be the norm .
it is offensive to many because it has white color space in a black colored outline square !
by that is.
with the writing in black surely it is inclusive ! or is that reverse discrimination !
if we submit to extremists thiscartoonbyrobert mankoff from thenewyorker will be the norm. ”
it is a great and unfortunately relevant today. cheers.
you never they might just find something offensive in this too.
depends how far left or right you representing.
no way you can muzzle a cartoonist.
sorry for wrong hopefully will appreciate the sentiment
i could still accuse you of being a racist. only white ; no black representation at all ??
the solution .
consequently or subsequently “ ?
capitalism the solution. ”
the solution. to then find some creeds even more absurd emerges
the unarmed policeman executed by the charlie hebdo terrorists was a muslim
i heard yest that most french cops are unarmed just as most u.k. cops unarmed
because their citizens do not have guns just their muslim terrorist immigrants have (illegal) guns !
gt gt ; & gt ; message sent & amp ; received.
why was a police officer “ unarmed “ ?
who the hell cares. hunt them down and kill them.
he was working for the man
i am thinking police are going to be the ones needing m16s and maps.
and these are wonderful emigrants' stupid and democrats love ....
which shows exactly why all of us, including muslims, should stand against this cowardice and idiocy.
the beauty of gun control.
but he was not a good muslim or a bad muslim ... sometimesiiget the 2 confused🆘❤️🆘
the unarmed policeman executed by the charlie held terrorists was a muslim kill more muslims
this tweet is why everyone should follow.
when i was in the police all had subbed machine guns.
who surrenders almost all the time, has someone with no weapons. go figure.
... not by “ standards apparently. .
the silence you hear is 2,000,000,000 muslims not condemning this terror attack .
if there were noise it would be applause
lone wolf. the favorite slogan of islam fascist deniers.
denounce are not they dancing in the street like after 9/11 ?
no. workplace violence.
and getting defensive that they are being asked to condemn it.
and you spoke to each one of them to get their views ?
the crickets are deafening the world ...
the silence you hear is 2,000,000,000 muslims not condemning this terror attack. ”
we need to host a greased pig catch at every mosque around the country to condemn this bullshit.
radical want to kill you. moderates want the radicals to kill you
maybe threw a couple of stern hash tags at it.
. it was a rhetorical question. no bet.
. news conference where moderate muslims denounce terror attacks is just about to start
yeah bet me ...
does feel safe under this lotus ? no !
i am sure somewhere sent a tweet ...
series are a stalwart for the obama admin.
amp the few that say that do are probably lying just to fool progressives.
that is a cogent statement.
cartoonists respond with the only tools they have
cartoonists respond with the only tools they have ” 😔
they have more tools than the pen. they choose to use the pen and not the gun.
the best tools they have.
heartbreaking brilliance.
we have camp ; women since 1900 riding bicycles where they like
spitting in face of civilization ....
is most famous cartoonist , 87 yr old uderzo - father of asterix - comes out of retirement for .
congrats on your tweet !
wow. my favorite comic of all time. no potion needed to knock out injustice.
congrats on your tweet !
i would love there being one. but it is too grassroots to be that organized
i think a lot will come out of retirement if possible.
. his these muslims are crazy ! “ ?
can we pick one hash tag ?
something from is tribal medieval past. there is a foul wind blowing.
legendary undergo. rip
i do not know how to feel about this
: the internet unites against terrorists .
if the worlds 1. muslims are offended by events then rise up and vanquish these loons
that tweet deserves to be featured ! check it out :
the entire world needs to unite against terrorism in general - in this particular case, islamist everywhere.
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
breaking : gunmen in massacre reportedly killed :
sure it was on the british news last night
give the terrorists a public memorial : ceremonially
they were arrested a few years back apparently
sides with massive “ terrorism “ ? who benefits ?
breaking gunmen in massacre reportedly killed : ” justice ?
apparently i have seen nothing about that.
sure their chilling with 72 virgins now
what hearts a bunch of idiots you are. this is a horrible tragedy ....
rt breaking gunmen in massacre reportedly killed :
breaking gunmen in massacre reportedly killed ”
now some closure for the victims families.
finally the ignorant worthless pieces of shits have been put down.
from their ids made of the same material that survived 9/11
police release pictures of man and woman suspected of shooting a policewoman in
these people should not come out alive
i have seen that man before somewhere, think he takes spinning classes around the area 😳😳😳
stop showing live police positions !!!!!!!!!
is a player for naomi ?
the worst case scenario for the french government
your right and let them get the ass kicked out of em
police release pictures of man and woman suspected ”
the policewoman had a name ... use it
what us wrong with these people
the terrorists should not come out alive.
shoot to kill should be the policy when dealing with terrorists anywhere
we stand in solidarity with our ally
please put a flag up.
because its not terrorism when ' we ' do it
damn involved then you know it is an organized chaos op
when you show true all flags would be half mast.
with only the flag down ? “ : we stand in solidarity with our ally ”
true but i am sure that is what they meet to show.
war profiteers x would and in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
should not look back but stand firmly and act fast by looking into there loophole cc
why did you make no such statement when israel murdered 2,600 in ? blatant provocative sectarianism
editor/cartoonist stephane " charb " charbonnier and 3 other cartoonists among those killed , police say .
u r distinguishing the west from the east. i am giving the difference between terrorist and innocent
some point u have 2 realize not everyone shares your belief/religion stop forcing it on others !
and look who is killing innocent and hundreds of children
there is no difference between east and west.
everyday people say and do things we do not like- you walk around killing people !!
why is it that when someone does something with an islamic name its been addressed as muslim why ?
when you read the new testament you find jesus offers salvation -- does not demand you take it
so did those cowards of yesterday unacceptable by any sane person but i hate when u take moral high
brought to you by the loving and peaceful people of islam.
they hide behind their religion so they can commit murder. savages
1000000 people killed by your prosperous democratic country for a lie of weapons of mass destruction
i enjoy both the freedom of speech and right to protect myself to ensure the first right listed works
takes a real high minded person, to kill someone with a different idea ...
the fact is you support murder of people who do not agree with you. stand out publicly
it depends who there referring to
you are enjoying your freedom of speech. how does it feel to not get killed for it.
is peace whether you like it or not at some muslims are trying to destroy it
. and my point is none of those people tortured anyone !
does not respect individual rights. deep dogma and hatred of others not them.
no need for abuse put facts on table
ground as if those dead middle east people died for a good cause
the fish swims in a pond and wont get better i think so stop fighting me blame bush/blair
you are all fucking typical white american girl.
its murder plain and simple !
.... so people who make cartoons should die ? i am sure you live here. leave.
why do not we condemn and judge them individually ?
you kill people when you do not like what they say ???
you do not murder over respect !!!!!
and i dint support killing of innocent people doing their work
that is 1 now just 1,599,999,999. to go.
no they silent it is a shame
not by murdering them. how can you accept the things you are saying ?
not to say whoever committed the hideous acts of today are right new the world needs tolerance
deep deep dogma whose roots reach down to hell.
for the 1st time since world war ii there’ll be no friday service in the paris grand synagogue . at
please know that we are all praying for you ! we will carry you through this !
sorry to hear that. is it from across the board, or certain groups ?
a victory for sad.
and will recover. stay strong !
oh dear try to see it as a form repressed adoration ...
it would be a marvelous act of kindness for mosques to open their doors to this friday.
i do fear for although i don’t live there.
map shows where gun attack on satirical magazine took place in central paris
this is just behind the apartment block i was living in up until two months ago ... shocking !!
your tweet really makes this page stronger :
if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
need for firmer international consolidation against crime
this is serious act the work most come together a stop these men.
id adds one more level on that - street view of office frontage ? seems distant
could be the save heaven for pole now #
oh. weird. map shows where gun attack on magazine place in paris ”
thank god for your life.
zuckerberg on : facebook will protect free speech
most interesting part is that the body giving blocking orders, has no legal authority to do so.
under oath that complies with all requests.
how deleting posts from another spanish satiric newspaper as has already done in spain ?
unless it is me rt : zuckerberg on : facebook will protect free speech
whats most that govt body has assumed authority to censor internet.
algorithm hides everything anyway. rt : zuckerberg on : facebook will protect free speech
myself and an organization have been working on internet censorship issues in pk.
interesting. have you got a link to support ?
so a woman posting picture of her breastfeeding feeding is not protected ?
we can post what we want as long as the nasa gets to store it
from transparency report cited by
very funny maybe that is why you suspended the account of
this is on challenging the give body is authority to censor websites :
on facebook will protect free speech ” by stealing data ?
there is a court case against the youtube ban in pk in which a govt official stated
. will they start allowing people to post breastfeeding pics etc ?
. funny considering is protesting getting his instagram shut down !
... while closing accounts considered offensive.
. now he is the savior of free speech, i see !
unless you are talking about the atrocities china is doing in tibet. then fm censors.
some developments on this matter here if you are interested in this
together with that is for sure.
gunshots and explosions heard in
gunshots and explosions heard in “
grenades hope that’s all.
gunshots and explosions heard in
gunshots and explosions heard in
charlie hebdo’s editor : " when activists need a pretext to justify their violence , they always find it .
i am i did not notice that he is not in the mention.
perhaps replace activists with “ thugs “.
and you call the terrorists by activists ?!!!
you are is fable about the wolf says it all.
no i did not. he did.
and and all trended worldwide . not so much on . jewish blood is cheap .
always has been. nothing changes.
has blood been split in any of these attacks ?
. . and are safe targets.
waiting for the blaming islamic aggression on israeli aggression.
i want so for you to be wrong. but you are right.
i stand with blood is not cheap to god.
most if is just finding out. early here.
i feel shame at the antisemitism that is endemic within muslim society.
more likely to worry about their own perceived slights
give it a minute or two !
. crazy how some causes “ go viral, and others not so much
they knew the world would not say shit. they did not this summer, will not now.
i never expected it. i am appalled and gutted.
thank you. thank you. thank you.
i sadly think this is true and has been for 4,000 years.
my clip on - scrutinising islam as an idea is not the same as anti-muslim hate crime
because they are stuck in the medieval era
rightly said. moderate majority needs to break taboo !
great message which i will continue to endorse and share until this job is done and not until
i find the ' idea ' statement offensive. but i must say, you are rocking that beard
this is what scholars say about the attack
bravo. well sir.
wise words that i sincerely hope will be listened to and heard.
wise words in the midst of many opinions.
on charlie hebdo killings : assassination of journalists and an attempt to assassinate the free press . -
this is an utter atrocity & amp ; we condemn these assassinations.
-an equal opportunity satirical mag in the grand tradition of . long may that tradition continue !
mate ignore him. it is sock puppet account
in what way are they intolerant of other beliefs ?
so you can kill them ? justified ?
12 people have reportedly been killed in a shooting at french satirical magazine charlie hebdo
every media outlet should publish a mo cartoon today.
have said it before , but needs saying again : stop asking muslims to condemn terrorism . it is bigoted
then it is a good thing you do not make the rules
like i said. or it did not happen bro.
terrorist groups are killing thousands in africa. who is asking all christians to condemn ?
you vote for pols who actually drone strike weddings ... get fucked with your pontificating
since almost nobody asks any other group to apologize for their radicals, focusing on muslims is bigoted.
i ask humanity to condemn terrorism. not going to leave any group out of that request.
almost nobody asks any other group to apologize for their radicals “. false.
fine then count me in as “ bigoted and islamophobic “
is usually exaggerated and overblown.
why were not asked to condemn the ok bombing ? westboro baptist church ? the klein ?
megabit is a hero.
i want to fight terrorism, not just condemn it. change comes from within.
is every required to denounce torture ?
radical terrorism is equivalent to the radical behavior of other “ groups “. also false.
perhaps ought to be enjoined to condemning pol-eco wars, ?
that is a ludicrous statement.
silence by d silent majority is not an option against deviant murderous islamic jihad ism
where is the international call for all jews to march against israel is war-crimes ?
it was still terrorism.
how about asking everyone to condemn terrorism every time
just in : two brothers responsible for charlie hebdo massacre have been killed in dammartin standoff , according to multiple
could the two brainwashed murderers have perceived the cartoons as bullying ?
via just in two brothers responsible for massacre killed in standoff, according to multiple reports.
well if it serves an agenda, it probably is one huh
it went well because the french police refused media from getting too much info.
those know how to get shit done.
there is not i have seen that is not saying this was a false flag op like.
seems they got what they wanted after all .....
we will see how many civil rights french are now willing to give up in the name of safety
anybody know whether this print shop made the magazines ? maybe this location part of the hit ?
hwy is painted in black tar genocides icing up acts of god !
a 60-second tribute to the victims of the attack
thank god i do not live in any mimic democracy
a tribute to the victims of the attack ”
what 2,000,000,000 not condemning a terror attack looks like.
what is so free about insults ? i condemn both sides. both have blood on their hands.
their blood is on both the cartoonists and the killers
a tribute to the victims of the attack ”
rip a tribute to the victims of the attack ”
how about not placing a ban of their work as a tribute
a tribute to the victims of the attack ” 👀 god bless 👀
people need to get over this and move on.
tribute to the victims of the attack
a sad day for the free world. vive la france !
these four pillars of press freedom gone ...
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
my condolences to their family and friends.
i live in new york, 9-11 will never be forgotten here, indeed a black day
yes ... i m so sad pat ... so sad ... my soul is bleeding ...
i understand believe my condolences to the french people
may they rest in peace ... france is like 911 right now. this is horrible.
may they rest in peace.
i think shock was the first emotion.
immortalize them as statues. encourage the younger to make the best of their sacrifice.
they were home grown that is hard to fight
yes like us today ... and sadness just after ...
these four pillars of press freedom gone ... ”
same my condolences to the french people.
our leaders need to put pressure on the countries who harbor them for a start
my heart goes out to there families and to france, horrible act
had two attacks before christmas, and now in france. very sad.
i can t imagine what you felt that day ... sadness ... rage ... fear ...
these four pillars of press freedom gone ...
paris newspaper charlie hebdo will come out next week , despite bloodbath : editorialist
can we get copies in as, or at least show our support somehow ?
i just took a subscription to through … walk the talk, all you folks !
i would help my old friends at the and for free if needed
best response to this tragedy they could have done
maybe can help make copies of this one issue available as a show of support and solidarity
notice paris newspaper charlie held will come out next week, despite bloodbath : editorials
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim.
good rt newspaper held will come out next week, despite bloodbath : editorials.
newspaper held will come out next week, despite bloodbath : editorials ” glädjande !!!
can you get this to the powers that be to see if they can help
might also be able to help out. would be a show of support for pen over force
you guys just can not wait for sylvester stallone “ last blood “ to come out can you ?
breaking news : the 4 french cartoonists killed in terror attack today . rip
is that harry potter 😂
not religious just who believe in islam. radical islam = islam.
when are people going to get to a point where enough of this is enough ?
when is the world going to wake up ?
such brave souls my soul cries out for them !
i loved their work. may they rest in eternal peace.
such bullshit. pray for their families
breaking news : the 4 cartoonists killed in terror attack today .”
check your canoe for leaks.
rt breaking news the 4 french cartoonists killed in terror attack today. rip
did the third gun man get into a building with these cartoonists ?
live coverage on the hostage situation with paris attack suspects :
who do you call when you have criminals who hates cops on the loose ?
live coverage on the hostage situation with paris attack suspects : ”
the cop at the front is well up for it
there is only 5 sausages left in kosher butchers media distortion+staged events ?
mt god bless those who bravely run toward trouble !
already the bus and i was a kid. didn t know ? do intel research
our statement on the charlie hebdo attack : defend freedom of speech , resist hatred .
i am actually genuinely shocked by this ..... feels like a new low
but when will the apathetic billions get off their consumerist bent and do something.
are you seriously suggesting we should not hate this muslim savagery ?
you do not have to be a humanist to feel this way. i am a catholic !
" our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of this terrorist attack and the people of france " -pres
fuck religion. god is logic
the earth without art is just ' eh ' .
that is why u should not put shit up that u do not want to share
my she was blocked and reported the moment she threatened to steal my work.
great there you go sue away why am i being targeted by u in this rant
i suggest other artists do the same.
attach a to the image stating that i had done so.
do u acknowledge that u have a small penis and are an angry oil man
so many people pirate and call it “ sharing “.
your name is all over twitter.
it is steeling intellectual property you apologetic cow, & amp ; a violation of copyright law.
if someone breaks the glass to get it, that person is a thief, not a customer.
a photo has it is own copyright, immaterial of the subject.
international treaty obligations demand that us law, and british law, be mutually respected.
worst case of mad cow disease i have ever seen.
and i apologize for any distress that i may have inadvertently caused you.
what is that supposed to mean
at least you acknowledge that you are a cow.
hold up lemme steal some of your art ok bye
what if the person takes a photo of it and posts it
are you short or something is this why you are picking on me mooooooooooo
it is not the same as actually stealing the object
rightly said all the art lovers out there would surely agree with it.
it must be sheer heaven being married to you. (sarcasm) ” low
you can omit me from further shouting at the inter webs please.
it must be sheer heaven being married to you. (sarcasm)
the earth without art is just ' eh '. ” love this
if you r a muslim on social media & amp ; have not yet tweeted " i am , "
harper supporter sun columnist smears trudeau now he smears muslims, pathetic eh ?
harper supporter sun columnist smears trudeau now he smears muslims, pathetic eh ?
i hate the damn attack on innocent lives.
dear will you please extend this challenge to all india as well ?
harper supporter sun columnist smears trudeau now he smears muslims, pathetic eh ?
term is misnomer do not use. i m muslim i hate terrorist who take innocent lives.
i am not a but i am your enemy.
fully agree park. well said
this forcing a sentiment or a re tweet is no liberalism either
u are a piece of shit u know that ?
" now they are gonna think we are all bad guys " , a muslim bar owner from the neighborhood
right now you are.
they play the victim card. dont worry sooner or later he will use one of them.
worldwide are silently cheering. do not be fooled by their bullshit.
they every buzzer who pays the aka is financing the jihad.
are the victims “ here. i knew this would happen.
too late. my mind you. )
gee i hope business is okay. he is the real victim here. not the deceased.
do not be too perhaps she was drinking when she made up the story !
i would re tweet condemning islamic attacks like but i can not find any. can you ?
some people might just think you are on the bad guys team though ...
one did. in msm ignored him.
hi. just wanted to share this
bar owner i thought they did not allow alcohol ?
can you hear the billions of muslim voices condemning this violence ? no, that is singing.
be aware of such you might be his next victim
tensions high : french police stop scooter near scene of kosher grocery
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack against humankind as a turkish muslim
then you have my support an english christian brother
that is president en route to a tryst.
shut up ... picture is a fake
offers to send yerkes to kick him for france.
world sends messages of condolence , outrage , defiance via after paris attack :
will rise and get the justice they deserve.
same pain as we feel for our brothers and sister france killing daily.
world sends messages of condolence outrage defiance after paris attack !!!
the world needs to come together and stop this madness.
no one can say this is a surprise . in july window-smashing rioters stormed thru paris chanting ' gas the
they were just crudely and inaccurately expressing anti-zionism, so it is ok.
surely we can all just get along ...
behead the would be a good counter slogan take it to their neighborhoods
if only it were who was the son of promise, genesis 16:12.
the enlightenment is dead. eiffel tower should remain dark forever hence as a reminder.
this world belongs to all of us.
what happens when you let this take hold
maybe they meant gas for jews “.
all those lone wolves who do not understand their own religion ...
are welcome in morocco. roi mohammad vi et grand rabbi de paris
i will be shocked if this is treated like the tragedy it is.
like rabbi khan once said “ there is no coexistence with cancer “
and this just a year ago. “ jew, france is not yours “.
this michael shaw cartoon from the archives says a little and says a lot .
this shaw cartoon from the archives says a little and says a lot.
rt this shaw cartoon from the archives says a little and says a lot.
we are all charlie hebdo . kill us all !
we are all anti or and islamism
if those weirdos can they will ...
they are giving it a good try.
white terrorists are amentally ill ' , while brown terrorists are ' islamic assassins ' .
due 2 the fear that others will want to destroy all white ppm based on 1 incident
if no ties have been established to any group whom would like to blame comparing to paris is irrational
false dichotomy. those brown terrorists proclaimed themselves islamic assassins. also, being such likely means mental illness
why terrorists can not kill charlie hebdo ‘ s ideas
morn with protest never journalist rhere2 stay.
there are comm enters on this article inciting violence against muslims. where are your moderators ?
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim
the. terrorists can not kill charlie is ideas ”
media coverage really pretty focused on other things, do not you think ?
yep ... weekly becomes charlie forever / charlieeternité
because you can not kill ideas ?
well yes. my point exactly. one might even say too focused on something else.
yup. so sad that terrorists can not kill racists.
why terrorists can not kill charlie held ‘ s ideas ”.
but obviously they can kill media coverage on the
why terrorists can not kill charlie held ‘ s ideas ”
just as french society rose up and nobly said , it must now stand with its jewish community and say
we want the rest of ours back
perhaps you should stop w the mos sad nonsense.
that will happen.
what is crickets chirping “ in french, “ chant yes gallons ? “
their is nothing noble about french society in general -- most french are marxist oriented godless reprobates !
that is the but the world of animals hate us
the sad truth is their rumbling anti feminism has never been properly tackled.
you are correct but we all know that will not happen.
should not be held.
stop you disgusting person. you are delusional
if say can they get their land back ?
everything we know about the attack so far
a newspaper is not a weapon of war. “ yes it is
i read and now deluded rag head scares me.
. ha ha. but you know that is copyright ?.
. you fool ... have you any grey matter or are you one of them.
hope skip does well at election. or else rise for real far right nutters.
do not like it get yourself a shovel and dig yourself out.
we do not know who carried out charlie hebdo attack . however if they were muslims , then they are
you may agree this should never happen but many muslims do. this scum tarnishes all of you.
do you concede there is a growing problem ?
growing problem slightly understated.
they shouted the prophet is avenged “ ...
. my views on blasphemy and support for freedom of speech are unambiguous. see
that line is starting to get tired. very tired
they are indeed scummed and do damage the reputation of muslims in general.
is that a serious question ?
blasphemy punished by death is a mainstream belief for muslims, so less of the minority shit.
article. let us all forcefully insist declaration of human rights is more fundamental than any religious book
good can u tell us in categorical terms ' dat u support freedom of expression including freedom2satirise mohamed ?
they are the enemies of everyone
you do not know really ?
video ambulances & amp ; police race to site of hostage scene north-east of paris as gunmen reported killed
police officers confirmed held suspects dead
now to deal with the ones in the supermarket !
but i am glad this is over either way
police officers confirms held suspects dead
hopefully there are no copycat attacks
they are suspects man it might not be a good thing
good burn in hell motherfuckers !
realize terrorist news coverage will not end well, media responsible for greater, terrorist attacks by giving martyrdom
thank god scum gone !
the east london mosque would like to offer its sincere condolences to the families of those killed during the attacks
we join you in condolences for family and disgust. thanks for the love shown in both tweets
and onto of that she is innocent too
was never in gizmo. please consider accuracy in your outrage.
do not incline towards the koufax ... fear allah
condemn the brutal killings of hundreds of muslims all around the globe
u moderate no hays '
na'am i am aware of that, my tweet was sarcasm towards these fools at
will u be praying palatal janazah for them ?
the hypocrites will be in the lowest part of the hell
in the wake of horror europe needs to defeat prejudice.
will you be offering your sincere condolences to your bombed 24/7 innocent brothers and sisters incl children ?
they shall also give them a full before canada
sorry to butt in. i am online looking for material for that reason.
freedom of speech is a right as much as a cause worth fighting for . obscurantism is a danger made
well said how can a society flourish without freedom of expression ?
breaking : two charlie hebdo attack suspects in dammartin-en-goele killed by security forces : govt source .
funny that. you would think they would be more useful alive for information.
do not mess with the french.
let is see their dead bodies.
those rabid dogs finally got
we are fully compliant.
breaking two held attack suspects in dammartin-en-goele killed by security forces : govt source.
the roots of evil
there can be no peace until they renounce their rabbit god rt : the roots of evil
saw the influence of christianity and thought, we would better have some of that…'
we stopped fighting some time ago, but they want to keep fighting us, for fighting is sake
so did go figure.
do not be a motherfucking apologist for islam, these bitches gotta die !
plot twist both gods are actually the same rabbit and duck god.
do not be a goof. we will get to islam right after we get rid of america
funny if it was not so accurate.
you have obviously never heard of myanmar.
its not even that it is the same damn duck.
you are right
french muslims condemn the charlie hebdo shooting
seriously you are sounding seriously desperate not to address reality.
... act in the interest of their ethnic/cultural group, foster distrust and division and racism within a ...
subjective theory please provide me a single “ fact “ that proves your assertion ....
i am proud to be mosley elhamdulillah ! “ elhamdulillah “ means “ i thank allah/god “
indisputable fact not your idle speculation and assertions based on .... what ? your opinion ?
and i am also calling a (like, ,) a terrorist.
i do not think you have a clue what you are talking about at all !
and the moderates idly standing by are as responsible as the radicals.
i am saddened by your discrimination ideals and herbage.
it is like listening to drivel, a single fact will do not your prejudiced rantings -
then your claim that it was an “ indisputable fact “ is a lie !
all you are showing me is you have the intellectual capacity and maturity of an infant gnat.
that is kind of like asking quakers to do something about westboro baptists.
you argue like a 12 year old you know.
it is not it is fear & amp ; anger at barbarism.
you sound just like people who ' argue ' against evolution.
that is pathetic you told me it was an “ indisputable fact “ you lied ! simple really
ha you have not given me a single fact
... the death of culture and massive division.
no such as a good muslim.
done a very good way of fighting back against, and.
want to consider the ghettos, the inevitable racism ?
ironically and the terrorists share the same twisted belief that different cultures can not coexist
try to dispute it then.
i am not making i am calling a spade.
no one surpasses and in terms of and.
what would you intelligence agencies can not stop these nut jobs
its not my opinion that immigrants ghettoize and act socially according to their own identities and interests.
you might as well have your fingers in your ears, shouting “ that is not proof “.
really ha !
you said it was a fact - try thinking a little !
... once homogeneous and harmonious nations ' society, this is the fact of the failure of multiculturalism.
not very familiar with westboro in the uk.
says someone who said something was a fact but can not prove it. apology accepted.
will they help protect innocent civilians, stand up to terror or just talk ?
did you think i apologized to you for something ?
you have not given any just opinion and theory
yes. but can you please do something to stop westboro & amp ; christian identity ?
also say it. and ?
unprecedented : paris ring road empty at porte de vincennes 100m fr hostage taking . armed police everywhere
wake up and identify the hounds. bharat has suffered a lot at their hands
shades of after the marathon bombing. my heart is with you, paris.
unprecedented ring road empty at port de incenses 100m fr hostage taking armed police everywhere
clear reporting to bbc. and cool hair. stay safe.
journalist : " we want to laugh at the extremists — every extremist . they can be muslim , jewish
. everyone is except all white guys and the few pops who become rich.
o do not see any catholic or jewish extremists ... where are they
. when white people conduct mass slaughter, they are just crazy, colored folk are terrorists
more evidence that religion makes people stupid & amp ; violent. pubhlish the satire.
the false equivocation in that statement did not save his life
journalist we want 2 laughs @ the extremists-every extremist they can b muslimjewishcatholic “
that’s all very well. but only one of those targets commits murder if they’re offended.
pictured : ahmed merabet , hero officer executed in attack
he has already died “ in 2012 jewish school “ attack “.
just a normal hardworking human being so sad rip
a hero. a murdered by radical islamist. a damn shame !!
may he rest in peace. poor soul.
i will never forget those images, just too horrible
let is not feed the troll, no respect, no brain
not sure if you saw video.
again ... guess that is why he did not “ run away “ ...
pretty sure being executed “ was not in job description when he was hired.
respect to this man rip
killing your own religious soldier under the name of your god/leader. fact !
secular rt pictured ahmed megabit, hero officer executed in attack
pictures from solidarity vigils across the globe
so i guess you led your neighborhood vigil then ?
you are awesome you are also featured on my
pictures from solidarity vigils across the globe ”
pictures from solidarity vigils across the globe ” so powerful
how parisians responded to the attack ...
viva gt ; : how parisians responded to the attack ...
such blatant and disgusting !!
should museums and galleries not exhibit certain items because they cause offense ?
we all must stand for charlie. give your support here :
how responded to the attack ... ”
be not afraid but have respect for others when it comes to intense satire.
how responded to the attack ... …
how responded to the attack ... ” five la france !
hundreds of massacres committed daily against muslims in burma and nobody says a word
2,860 results from the sole guardian on this. violence against muslims is media is subject.
they are as well. * silently unretweets *
the burned bodies were people killed by book harm. probably not muslim victims
that is you fool.
the same is happening in and to is and not a word. u r not special
hundreds of massacres committed daily against muslims in burma and nobody says a word
may accept them ... (bird of hannah)
sorry this is not at burma but kenya, right ?
cowardly attack on charlie hebdo is offices . the humourless fanatics can fuck off . freedom of speech is more
ma that is never the right way to reply
. freedom of speech antagonist to islam is not done.
. freedom of speech for whom ?
attack on freedom of speech its strategy wants coalition ground troops in theaters. adnani called for this
like killing 11 people is actually worse than them making fun of a religion
is more important than an imaginary medieval merchant who lives in the fucking sky.
no where safe no where to run ?
i am thinking that on many occasions, the ' cowardly ' characterization of those attacks is redundant.
deliberate provocation an act of war in asymmetrical warfare
. freedom of speech antagonist to islam is not done.
then you have not been shot.
with 10 killed this was probably the last edition.
yes , they drew first . do not ever be silent , do not ever be ignorant . we stand
letting these idiots out of the middle east was like opening the gates of hell.
. are you demanding it's of your screenshot of rather than the original tweet ?
miss guided bunch of all of them
people held pencils in tribute to victims during the moment of silence in paris
how stupid ... liberalism kills when leaving you unprotected
did they cry when bombed lydia ?
no no it is for charlie and pro marine le pen.
sad that violence and death are used as a means of spreading religious belief ... rip to the victims
when they catch the killers they should put 1000 pencils in his ants
citizens arm yourselves. do not count on weak politicians to allow police to protect society.
there always exist the opposite ex good vs bad. hence use pencil wisely
they can shove the pencil up three asses, muslims are slaughtering and we are showing pencils low
the attack on charlie hebdo is likely to radicalize all sides in the debate about islam and islamism . that
not necessarily so. what is important is that those who are responsible for this be caught. 1/2
. some say still lives ...
hollywood on shooting : " free speech must be defended "
rt rt on shooting : “ free speech must be defended “
on shooting : “ free speech must be defended “ ”
how about the free world must be defended. radical islam is an out of control problem.
my heart goes out to those victims in france
i hope a iii is not going to ensue because of this freedom of speech issue.
breaking : gunfire and new explosions heard at the site of hostage-taking in eastern paris : reuters reporter
this is the reason are wrong opposing militarization of police equipment. they are the first res ponders.
let 2015 be the year more people from around the world take up cartooning/comics to tell their stories
that is great to hear ! please say hello to her for me.
this is a wonderful picture. thank you for sharing it.
thank you so much ahhh
thanks she will be absolutely made up, she loves your work, you can say hello
: what we know so far
how very liberal. you are cute
what we know so far ”
do not forget the whole muslim thing yeah ? shouting in the streets ? islam contains great evil.
are you offensive because i dared to disagree ? same trait ...
that is the only thing you have to say ? your first reaction ? who cares ?
dare 2 disagree i was prompting possible action by him 2 instigate overreaction by fr
please educate yourself about things before just spouting garbage like that
not to not to blame. just sorrow ...
let is see how try to play this up against and
expressing sorrow for the murdered victims should be the first reaction.
liberal cute no depth there dude
just for trolls like you !
your jerk knee reaction was indicative though. i doubt your tweet will preempt anything
its mosey and weapons used tactics and behavior is a give away.
clearly you have a problem with language you can not be preemptive and knee jerk oxymoron
what is prompting ???
perhaps you should read all my posts. how much are you getting paid to troll ?
i support and a free press . please rt these cartoons to show a united and dignified defiance .
how these guys can just drive out of paris will shame france if they are not apprehended, pronto
love is stronger than hate “ - a fitting, if tragic, epitaph
today is of sanctimony
fortunately they will not. the french equivalent of was are hardcore.
today is of sanctimony
the military should question dave :
100 if you are not dead by laughter. love is stronger than hate.
they are quite military have recently savaged hollande-not like uk pussy generals
angry demonstrations on the strength of those cartoons maybe, but murder ?
what is the translation ?
you shouted ' allahu akber ' whilst murdering others ? you are a disgrace to my religion . may the
despicable act even the prophet would not endorse it !
if you are such a “ good “ muslim go take your religion back from the jihadists.
your words are meaningless unless you take action against those who murder innocents in the name of
congrats on your tweet !
your words mean nothing until you take action against the kkk and the christian thugs in african countries
any killing overt or covert can never be justified. taking life or desecrating faith is terrorism.
hello what kind of action are you referring to ? and are christians responsible for kkk ?
yep these are such loving christians point is i do not hold all christians responsible
you condemn on social media and celebrate behind closed doors.
was that who killed 2000 people in nigeria ? nope ! it was peace loving muslims
these guys until christians fight these groups they are just as guilty too
very much allows even if done on prophet (pbuh)
means is that the violent cult you refer to ?
as a muslim , i find the murder of innocent people more despicable and offensive than any cartoon could ever
do not hesitate to let me know if you change your mind.
i have many friends and this murder is not done in their names
fully it is criminals using religion to hide the crimes
well said. agree with you.
innocent people repent and turn to the lord jesus christ
if that is already then it does not really matter.
but the question is are the makers of such cartoons innocent ?
as a all i can do i support freedom of speech
thank you. i appreciate your courtesy in asking.
as a right now i hope they have though like you ...
a satire on mohammed can get you killed . a satire on hindu god can get you 300 crs !
is the only religious that tough how to tolerate ... no other religious teach that
we should not forget reasonableness.
dude ... do you want to be in the same category as these rabid dogs ?????
. i think his point was about false equivalences and hypocrisy of only pontificating to tolerant group.
is not that week dear
please do not justify one mistake by another mistake.
google pushes cash to charlie hebdo but not al-ikhbariyah . what is is google is view of the world ?
another piece of planned misinformation. who’d have thought you once had an acquaintance with the truth ?
not your smartest tweet that is for sure. take a deep breath and think again.
truth is bitter and can not be told openly
raw video ( warning graphic ) : terror attack on charlie hebdo paris headquarters : via
its about time the west just nuked islam off the face of the planet.
... may all the victims rest in peace and these lunatics be caught asap !
outrageous cowardly murderers no religion is worth this !
he looks like he is waving at someone when he gets back into car
how just how can you do that i am speechless
raw video graphic) : terror attack ” where is the blood ? looks fake
911 = 17 (frey) think people !!!
fucking scum hiding behind the masks.
no blood looks awfully that is it
we should never forget that the whole world is being held hostage by these :
do not let yourselves be duped, the real terrorists are these guys :
when he shoots that dude at point blank range there is no blood at all. it is fishy
these are the cowards we should be mad at : they organize this stuff ...
let is hope they catch these murderous people
come on have respect for the families, do not share that did.
2 police officers killed during charlie hebdo attack were ahmed merabet , franck brinsolaro , police spokeswoman says .
religion provides yet another excuse for barbarism. give it up !
may they rip. amen ...
i am sure you are right about it not being the end.
rt 2 police officers killed during attack were ahmed megabit, franck brinsolaro,
it is truly that we are killed
sad loose of amp ;. today died an unknown female police officer, sad week for !
this is not in its true values.
and now there are an attack against 2 police officers in south of paris ...
i hate terrorist it is evil
i just do not know what to say ...... it is awful ! 😱
so one of the officers (ahmed)was a muslim !!! hummm so muslims can be victims too ?!!
these killers did not avenge their prophet. they dragged his name through the mud.
the only way global media can pay respect to martyrs is by reprinting and republishing them . again & amp
oh really so who u r gang to do with me ru planning to send jihad here
lo air jihad aka yes saiph ! pls take action
do not believe convenient analysts like. they are uncouth and insincere. tweet from a hr ago.
why not do your bit ? change dp to a cartoon of
u can protest against by changing ur dp can u do the
its a joke for media .....
police will take care of now
the channels showing those cartoons. tomorrow we will see how many newspapers publish those cartoons
people like you are responsible for this kind of events. if you will hurt they will react.
we stand with charlie hebdo in rejecting oppression and violence in all its forms .
i do not think they said that did they ?
actually died in the shooting yesterday and this was one of the last drawing he worked on.
you guys just compared terrorism to eating meat ? please go lobotomize yourself.
do you why steals & amp ; kills a child’s dog - unit video
they are not are an animal charity, but they stood up against violence and support charlie.
well said all support you.
being vegan is not only about eating meat, please go inform yourself.
well beta. you speak for us all.
thought it was a beta drawing, my bad.
more : police official : suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed :
more police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed : ”
more police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed : ”
fine job. b to god
more police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed : ”
going to be surprised no virgins, or god, they are just worn food now
more police official : suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed : ”
the appropriate word is neutralized get a thesaurus
nice work by authorities.
in case you are confused . check who is the terrorist and who is the .
the terrorist was also a muslim. that fact does not disappear because majority of other muslims disagree
very they will take comfort in a phrase anna lillahi wei inner ilay-hi raji'on “
because a minority of people have decided to interpret it in an extreme way
so if you are against generalizations (and so do i) this is for you
but could you please not @ me in your fish chat ... thanks
was built up by cia+mos sad for killing people, muslims and others.
is he not a terrorist and an islamist ?
i know my and it is that distancing islam from the issue is willful ignorance.
if you do it is a major sin in islam ... i sure as hell can
the guy with the gun is both.
you are saying that like i have said something to the contrary.
for orders sold. rt : in case you are confused. . ”
and that not only according to history but also according to duran and sun nah
the point is not all muslims are terrorist.
when everyone else has a part in it too.
it is not about distancing it, it is about saying, muslims ≠ terrorists.
the guy with the gun would have probably said the same about the other guy.
nobody has done that ... the picture is saying which one is a terrorist and which is the muslim
in case you are confused. check who is the terrorist and who is the. ”
you can not actively manage the radicalization issue in islam if you deny it even exists.
so incredibly sad. just devastating for him and his family x
tragically so. i think their sub-theological drivers, however base, should be addressed and exposed
there are plenty of other faiths that have been used to justify atrocities.
he is but to say mere no terrorist ' decouples the religious/ideological component of his motivation.
god we belong and to him is our return '
that is because of law !! arab were more open minded and had more freedom before islam
so rather than some tangent in which you act like i have said all muslims should be shot.
killing a person unless in self defense, is like killing the whole of mankind in islam
much too kind mags. x
nowhere does it say that the terrorist is not a muslim
in case you are confused. check who is the terrorist and who is the. ”
read u will come to know the punishment of blasphemy
i do not engage with conspiri-freaks. go holler in a well.
you have missed the point though. the terrorist is not representative of mainstream muslims.
does not mean the entire community should be subject to abuse.
incredible to see universal outrage in over , but double standards when it comes to attacks on .
attacks are part of the violence-begats-violence cycle, this is about cartoons causing violence
so now is unafraid to call them terrorists.
part of brotherhood quest to dominate world with caliphate. after israel they want andalusia.
did not condemn attacks like the barry bombing ? i believe they did.
one can do both. it needs to be said. palis exactly the same as held killers.
not just cheap. desirable. and more valuable to them than living jews.
wondered how long it would take you to crawl out
u know the gentile world has always viewed jewish blood as cheap
social media users show solidarity for with hashtag
every news network is showing the same video is
re tweets happy new year guys share pass it on. …
why does not change its own background for day
prob worth checking in fact sky news were last to show that in particular video
for those in line : “ he sews charlie “ means “ i am charlie “ (h/t
oh okay well if all of them are doing it, it must be morally acceptable then !
we stand behind freedom of the press and freedom of speech. “
hope sky will publish and show cartoons - it is only fitting to give context to this murder
social media users show solidarity for with hash tag ”
of course it is acceptable. we need to show just how vile this was !!
publish images of or get off the pot
developing : women , children held in second paris hostage situation ; may be related to massacre
it is like i m living a nightmare and i can not wake up
some great news every morning thanks for keeping us informed and sexy ladies all day long
and of course will call this workplace violence
is in turmoil. they have many hard days ahead of them
bunch of skin cowards ... leave our children alone !!
it is time for the islamic moderate community to play an active role in the fight against terrorism.
rt developing children held in second paris hostage situation ; may be related to massacre
rt developing children held in second paris hostage situation ; may be related to massacre
24 of the most powerful cartoons related to the tragedy :
24 of the most powerful cartoons related to the tragedy :
freedom of speech 24 of the most powerful cartoons related to the tragedy :
so far so but the jury is still out.
24 of the most powerful cartoons related to the tragedy : ”
24 of the most powerful cartoons related to the tragedy : ”
violence is product of fear itself. and people use violence against innocents are confused and powerless.
being ' offended ' does not give you any right, sir.
allows using marketing too few pews. …
holly book been written in ink not blood
killed 17 journalists s. where are freedom of speech fighters
24 of the most powerful cartoons related to the tragedy : ”
24 of the most powerful cartoons related to the tragedy.
making people fear makes you powerful. you have to review you criteria my friend.
it is not sad to depict terrorist as powerful.
egypt top muslim institution al azhar and the arab league condemn paris attack .
what about reigning in your muzzle breathier !!!!!!!
are we supposed to be grateful. do not believe a word they say
when are they going to call for a jihad against them ?
about time some bodies took a stand against the terrorists
what really is involved while condemning ? any steps taken to avoid it from reoccurring ?
but they will get angry if someone insults their religion/prophet within their own boundaries.
words are wind. the league is as useless and corrupt as the.
the same ones supporting and the other tyrants in mo ? very reliable people !
did they condemn the heir of synagogue massacre in jerusalem ?
the league can stop terrorism. they support it instead.
thats what they say but inside they are very happy
only jew-hatred explains why europeans pretend israel is enemies are not the west is , as muslims murder jews and
i am beginning to see that. at least it is appearing to be that way from here.
thanks. i do plan on doing more research
well i doubt we will agree on everything but can respect that.
why would they they run the joint !
best and his books
you rock that is all .....
they can not be ignorant enough to think otherwise.
have been the ones promoting non white immigration, now this is the result. thanks jews.
many do not realize that jews, whilst they may hate muslims, hate christians more.
maybe it would not be europeans problem if israel did not control the foreign agenda of the west.
basically because they are a minority they have interest in creating chaos and discharging nationalism in others
and they guaranteed a clash by treating muslims better than natural citizens.
shows how brainless imbeciles all european lefties are. disgusting.
smoke rising over first hostage scene . watch live on cnn .
smoke rising over first hostage scene. watch lives on cnn. ” le mode est peru
nobody cares. now slowly and quietly die along with your ratings
smoke rising over first hostage scene. watch lives on cnn. ” this is a madness
thats part of their live tv
smoke rising over first hostage scene. watch lives on cnn. ”
think whole world is watching this
smoke rising over first hostage scene. watch lives on cnn. ”
all the best to the people of france during this trying moment
smoke rising over first hostage scene. watch lives on cnn.
rt smoke rising over first hostage scene. watch lives on cnn. ”
it s not so sensitive issues like this one are complex
this is melbourne right now !
wish i could be there.
i know tragedy has an effect so many people lives gone for nothing god bless.
public protest supporting freedom of speech after horrific slaughter in paris.
we are and we will fight the muslims like we fought the nazis.
thats beautiful and sad at the same time i live in melbourne australia.
people are awesome gt ; & gt ; “ : melbourne right now ! ”
thank you guys. thank you
follow this list for journalists & amp ; media outlets covering the attack on magazine in paris :
only the disrespect the profit mohamed like this.
you cannot reason with a muslim terrorist. you can only kill him and his family.
details of attacks on muslim community in france , grenades , & amp ; shootings in aftermath of the attack
for the i am actually american but i am a huge francophone.
bombs and grenades did france build its own uhf overnight ?
we know the real victims.
after the awful attack on , france should set example of tolerance , protect muslims from reprisals
should protect by not committing awful attacks.
you mean protect from muslim terrorists “ ?
should protect innocent people from reprisals based on religion/ethnicity/race. however, first is needed.
exactly held vs islamism “
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
is ' at war ' with terrorism, not religion, prime minister says. ...
we have to break the cycle of violence or we are not sentient !!!!!!!!!!
i believe in the exact opposite
tolerance for in return for their indifference ? cowards should not be protected and terrorists should annihilated.
should also be fore front in protecting non-muslims and teach and preach peace.
everyone who blamed cartoons for provoking its own slaughter , tell that to the dead shoppers at a kosher supermarket
was a threat to world peace bc he provokes to commit.
the same people are glad that more jewish were killed
. . blamed for their own deaths) is on it.
would you be surprised if we get editorials on how insensitive kosher markets are to the islamic community ?
may god protect all the hostage and israel !
so the victims are to blame for the deadly decisions of their killers ... no personal responsibility anywhere
we need to protect sensibilities from ppm like who intend to provoke them to do terror.
gas the had nothing to do with.
crowd gathered at union square in nyc right now to memorialize those killed in attack .
is a religion of peace
mindless they can not think for themselves. operate like clockwork.
charlie hebdo magazine is planning a print-run of its next issue of a million copies , not usual 60,000 .
an extremist is beyond class or creed. they are vermin though. stamp them out !!!
i knew they were going to turn that into a pr campaign, puff journos right what else ?
if we had ridiculed more we might have avoided this jihadi-cool youth islamism
do you know how to get them ? the site is error ... down
we are free. we are christian. we are not afraid !... i am happy
how about distribution although i can not see we smiths carrying it
one million is not enough !
can’t read but i’ll be buying one of those.
mt the eiffel tower to switch off the lights at 20h in tribute to victims
mt the eiffel tower to switch off the lights at 20h in tribute to victims ”
i love the lady “ and saw her in june. hugs to paris !
a 2012 cartoon by the - well worth remembering today
we salute the brave journalist stand/speak against muslim terrorists
a movie that is been stalled by censor board for two years for hurting christian sentiments
trending worldwide - over 56,000 tweets ( via ) . more via
the whole world needs to work together to defeat ideology that kills those who are not them.
is not it just gratifying to see how moderate muslims are also supporting the campaign ?
this map speaks volumes. look at the muslim countries. hardly a mark.
not 56 000 but 856 000
i am and it is written in my twitter notification
yes and 1 000 000 now
even from there are people who
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
and over 90. 000 posts on instagram ...
in the name of you just do not have to kill. god/justice/will/despair, nothing.
retweet if you think satire should not be censored : " love stronger than hate " :
it is unbelievable. i can not begin to think of a weaker reason to kick off.
city winning the league have a good day !
look at the news mate. and then have a think about your own intolerance and triggers
was this the picture that sparked the shootings ? just caught tail end of news ....
the pen is mightier than the sword.
religion should be fucked in the ass
thats the point. 12 people died over it ! in paris
that goes without question. you to mate.
it is a cartoon character drawing. i do not see it being offensive.
any ' god ' that can not handle a cartoon about itself is pretty weak in my opinion.
the eiffel tower went dark last night to remember the victims of
but look at the change of traffic
: " it’s going to get a lot worse for france’s muslims "
we had to accept they are muslims and do not spare anyone who dare to disagree.
of course. there is no need to be apologetic but express what you think.
does not support terrorists. israel were treated just like anyone else.
a real is not a terrorist and a terrorist is not a real muslim.
unite against fascism condemns shooting
it has to get worst ...
u did not understand what i said is that a real muslim is not a terrorist.
is a terrorist al jazeera supporter of terror and terrorists cross the world,
yeah freedom of expression is aloud.
yeah the generalization rule applies to muslims only.
why western nations are dropping their troops in middle-east
covert or die .... before attack, french began ceding control of neighborhoods to islamist ...
then why do people who follow islam seems to be making those sorts of attacks so often ?
that is a logical fallacy. the terrorists are muslims.
what they did is not the teaching of islam that is all.
it will if al jazeera stop supporting terrors and terrorists
our vantage point on the gunfire and explosions in dammartin
more explosions in the city center
wood as close as you can get unless you are a policeman.
has any ambulances been seen ?
our vantage point on the gunfire and explosions in dam martin ”
unbelievable they have all got to be stopped !!
vantage more like ' line of sight'!
spray the printers with there claret muzzle
you are no ' heart ! i would be hiding !
our vantage point on the gunfire and explosions in dam martin
rt our vantage point on the gunfire and explosions in dam martin ”
thank you for doing what most people would not we salute you and all news correspondents
woods or ?!
our vantage point on the gunfire and explosions in dam martin rt :
what time is arriving to start asking inappropriate questions to the families of the (possible) dead ?
crazy and sad times in a mad world
today , as journalists " bravely " voice support for , ask them for their piece calling on yale to
we should all draw every day.
i may not agree with what you say but will defend your right to say it - voltaire édexpression
true. it was evelyn beatrice hall - - his biographer.
hall woman ! ) said it, not voltaire
apparently never uttered or wrote those words, but he no doubt would have liked the sentiment
’ s charb : " i would rather die standing up than live on my knees ” /ht
just terrible. no words today.
muslim can not be terrorist , and terrorist can not be muslim . i deplore and strongly condemn the inhuman
and yet ... here we are ... again.
what about which religion ? which nation ? which religion ?
you are charging a community of what is done by a minority 😒
but why most of the time only they are terrorists ?
how wrong are you are terrorists, it is because they are muslims they are.
we do not blame as a group, we blame islam as a religion of hatred and fascism
it is not new each attack in past proved it rights.
amp your verse ! young & amp ; dumb
you can not find in anywhere in duran or mohamed sayings that says civilians can be killed
most of are no terrorist but most of the terrorists are muslim.
you are an idiot you love your television because of course all is true america is paradise fuck you
attacks are made by few people but not whole nation or whole religion do not blame whole group
all are ... islamic country, islamic peoples.
but they killed in name of islam and they are muslims and they are terrorists.
they are happened to be muslims do you think i support what they did in pakistan last month 😳
the facts give the lie to your idiocy.
you can not blame for this action you can blame some muslims
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
is an idiot.
“ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want
. exactly right. exactly the opposite of what the evil ideology stands for.
i recognize that guy on the right ... who is it ?
thank you was bugging me that i could not remember)
out of all the cartoons we have seen , i think this is the most poignant , the most beautiful
goes for all who are killing.
straight to the point i suppose
i have got some medicine for those radical muslim fucks !
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
here now this is news bbc, take notice ! dave ?
straight to the point ... simple, effective.
oh shit why am i laughing this is horrible hahahahahahahaha
pres . obama is initial statement on the paris terrorist attack did not condemn radical islamists . he might try
looks like someone may have to return his koran
because it was work place violence “ ... like ft. hood !
he can not offend them too much or his membership will be revoked.
full of bullshit you are ! well a german what else
assistant secretary for policy development for homeland security, arid khan, is a muslim.
i guess he is waiting to find out first if any of the gizmo prisoners he freed where involved
he never has a problem condemning cops but islam he steps around like tiny tim !!
bet you or not “ is the right answer
he thinks he is come a long way since he did not use the term workplace violence.
no loves islam. the religion of peace, remember.
what we do and do not know about the aftermath of the charlie hebdo shooting
what we know seems to be missing once important thing. i wonder why that is ?
sounds as a attack. hard to believe it !
i bet those dead people do not give a damn about your statistics nor false “ solutions “
sharia law must be banned in the us.
size of us vs hello ?
i have a simple policy. when someone is shooting at me i shoot back.
i believe someone is going to kill me, i kill first.
uh is murder rate is 1/4th that of the us, so. . .
.... and gun control did not work.
the hunt for the brothers is currently happening near villers-cotterêts by the and the.
enthusiasts are the first to call the cops to bring their guns.
that is on a per capital basis, silly !
silly does not want the right to protect himself.
the eiffel tower went dark thursday evening to honor victims of attack :
came to please people and not for misery of people together for interfaith and
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
the tower went dark thursday evening to honor victims of attack : ”
the tower went dark thursday evening to honor victims of attack : ”
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you .....
should not use the term islamic state regulation because they ruin islam
the tower went dark thursday evening to honor victims of attack :
the tower went dark thursday evening to honor victims of attack : ”
rt the tower went dark thursday evening to honor victims of attack :
the tower went dark thursday evening to honor victims of attack : ”
vive la stand together for free speech :
yes affection and harmony and peaceful coexistence of all now to violence terrorism … … … …
this world will end soon. ::
amazing photo apparently of hostages at supermarket siege being carried away . all app alive
amazing photo apparently of hostages at supermarket siege being carried away ”
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
all alive i thought earlier reports said two killed ?
can i laugh a little at the lady being carried ?
: everything you need to know about the magazine that refuses to be censored
theory but i can not see it as being total freedom. especially in world were has an empire
yes right it is to murder innocent people com u do not like what they say. moron
drawing a cartoon is comparable to murdering innocent people. what planet are u on
come on what is the difference between u moron in charlie held and terrorists. all hate
and that is about the sum total of your intellectual talent. “ businessman “ ? lol
held is a so funny magazine. “ we can laugh at everything but not with everybody “
why did the other religions not go on a killing spree like these muslims
anything can offend somebody these days. i will take offended and free rather than protected and controlled.
really you are nuts. ass r you that desperate asshole. you want men desperately. hehehe
my hate was created by the one your imaginary friend create
completely agree. has to be on both fronts.
extremists have pure hatred against other religions !
contrast media are coward and never dare to protect freedom of expression and free speech viva
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
the rhetoric about protecting freedom of speech/press is meaningless without printing the ones its about
go away i have had enough of your moronic ramblings. you are blocked
what we know so far about the attack and the double hostage-takings in france
the 5. is not concerned by the same people.
what we know so far about the attack and the double hostage-takings in france ”
sad incidence but strange when the jews killing the palestinians on daily basis why not highlighted them ?
that you seriously milking this one to it is bones
the end of in europe is near.
everybody wants to march in maudlin princess di-style candlelight vigils with " je suis charlie " signs , nobody wants
they may not have an option, if western countries stop paying their mortgage.
you are an awful person.
do you have reading comprehension problem ? i said nothing of the sort.
your father slept beneath a thousand camels.
ignoring rationality in order to oppress the innocent ? shame on you, senseless, despicable militarist !!!!
. i know a few that are touched & amp ; moved by these vigils
your mother is a and your sister wears combat boots.
ask the and armenians.
will never give up their homes.
did they hold their vigils in the 10th or 19th arrondissement ?
wait until you try. you have not seen terrorism yet.
and eat fries “
i am not why am i surprised a racist idiot is also ignorant ?
are y'all in ? i will check it out.
. enough perhaps grab some fucking guns instead.
there are many tweeting at willing to be.
your vocabulary says you 14. enjoy minimum wage before the illegal aliens take it away from you.
the shooting at french magazine is a hideous attack on free speech , not just in paris but everywhere
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
several attacks against mosques in france after paris shooting : reports
you might be feeling bad na ?
the reaction was bound to happen. as france is not like india. viva la
several attacks against mosques in france after paris shooting : reports ”
this but i see it as a diversionary tactic is of terrorists rather than revenge
so u have started false n motivated propaganda to save your masters and please jehidies. pls ban
i did not see any report saw one which said “ blast hits restaurant near mosque “
the divide is widening. that was bound to happen
so now let is talk seriously about and western double standard on freedom of speech
... to join this would not you ?
how quickly the easily offended are to jump to defend a mag whose raisin d'are was offensiveness
sorry to disappoint
it came moments after perfectly respectful interaction, so the juxtaposition was discomforting.
if they can rein in the childish name-calling, labeling and general unpleasantness.
not true. lampooned and christianity as well.
unless when dealing with the good old “ antisemitism “
and to and it seems - quite often.
at least the all does not riddle you with bullets for making anti-israeli cartoons.
buy a pair for yourself and read this article, moron
... to be mutually respectful & amp ; non-insulting. favouriting that tweet seemed like an insult.
... is required. that is all i ask.
you seem to be implying that they do not make fun of everyone
your insults with your lack of intelligence, please ! )
caricatures are quite often meant to disturb or offend - see ' 30s nazi propaganda posters etc.
held did make fun about every religions ! you should know better !
is free speech.
what is offensive caricatures and humor ? seriously ?
we have a choice on here : respectful interaction or abuse/ridicule. they are mutually exclusive.
... that gives you cause doing so.
... celebrating speech that is problematic. many charlie cartoons fail into that category, imo.
... in my notifications. imo, is the height of rudeness.
... efforts primarily came from the extremists in islam. 2/2
you surely do not know charlie held ... or you have to buy some good glasses.
... willing to get back to a discussion of free speech, or not ?
defending lobby man ...
that is the impression i have formed from seeing multiple charlie cartoons.
the discussion was about free speech. let is stick to that.
there was no need to tweet that to everyone.
absolutely. i am responding to you and reading you ...
new york , london , paris , bali , madrid ... these attacks & amp ; many , many more
do not forget boston. ” benghazi
when will we say enough ! when will we stop the talk and start the walk
no but the funeral industry sure does !
not true they contributed loads of murder victims !
do not forget boston. ” fort hood
i do not consider that a positive. lol
. but o says they are the religion of peace. he is their pr master.
. has an extreme problem that needs a radical remedy.
that beheading. or the rugby killing in the uk.
new police hatchet attack.
look at all the lone wolves
so many great examples of workplace violence.
. that is all .
its of no use if you do not understand it.
. that is all. via
are you saying they deserved it ?
i trust camp hope is publishing is satirical covers in solidarity
what do you mean by now that is all ' ?
thanks. i love political cartoons.
this will not be the end of charlie held. anyone who suggests that is a coward.
that is all. ” equal opportunity offender !
whatever do not let any bastard get you down. stand up too bullies.
exactly what do u mean by “ that is all “ ?
what point are you trying to make there ? that it was deserved ?
covers that is all. ”
rt : ’ s charb : " i would rather die standing up than live on my knees ”
i would rather fuck religion than sleep
sounds like what are saying right now in. true warriors. слава україні героя слава
quite right is chart now a martyr for free speech ?
muslim “ scholar ” threatens irish media with legal action if they publish cartoon .
republic has not been british for nearly100 years
wonder if has actually seen the cartoons ? hmmmmm
twelve people murdered and this twat is talking about legal action over a cartoon. sums them up !
that is all do, then tell authority is they are persecuted,
publish and be damned as they say ! also who will fund his legal action ???
send him back to the cave he crawled out of and take his barbaric religion with him.
but the recent i learned from is draconian !
if i was head of trinity i would invite him to leave.
your intolerance and ignorance disgusts me.
which cornflakes packet did he get his degree ?
scholar us a contradiction in terms surely ! moronic knob head more appropriate !
scholar ” threatens irish media with legal action if they publish cartoon.…
he is a great supporter of freedom of expression ...
the reason to have a convo now is precisely because is using the tragedy to elevate them above criticism
there also should be more awareness of how much anti-islamic sentiment/racism existed in france even before the shootings.
all your doing is expressing justification for terrorism not expressing sorrow
please stop preaching about those deceased. also is a message of love and freedom.
portraying black people as literal apes is okay because they were equal opportunity offenders “ - morons everywhere
it is considered polite to wait till after the funeral before you start dancing on someone is grave
except for a few stupid ones, french know this is not about religion but terrorism.
i can feel sorrow for death without being “ in solidarity “ with the victims
the use of allows people to be subtly xenophobic while still being in the “ right “
thanks for that refining rebuke to such a cold dismissal of genuine sympathy and sadness.
remember when charlie hebdo satirised christianity , judaism & amp ; catholicism & amp ; people were killed because of
you robbed third world countries and now playing god by aiding few bucks ... get a life !
the cartoonist working for held who allegedly satirized judaism was sacked and put on trial.
what was the outcome of that ?
never ever forget that you europeans have directly/indirectly supported them when they were causing nuisance to others.
at 87 years of age , asterix cartoonist uderzo gets back on the drawing board via
loved aster ix back in action !
we are observing a minute is silence today at 11am . if you support press freedom please share & amp
moment of silence for the man killed. why
i can not be silent for a minute. it is against everything i believe in.
will observe now on my time zone, saw this too late.
do not share the video of masked gunmen at offices executing a police officer . it is barbaric & amp
dutch nos ' news just broadcast it, national tv.
people should see it. full stop. blinker yourself if it makes you feel better.
but it shows exactly how evil these monsters are
paris mayor anne hidalgo rushing to scene of hostage situation in porte de vincennes area of paris :
are is a trash religion - it is a sick cult.
what the hell us gonna do there ?
not possible in my country nigeria.
do the police really need politicians arriving on the scene and meddling
and sat holed-up “ in abuja.
the are pussies when it comes to this crap. massad will end the store standoff.
not in my country. no governor
r the cause. u can bet massed is working to end this fast.
funny to see on their knees by some muslims 😝😝
video has emerged showing the moment gunmen opened fire at is hq in paris .
and they say immigration is good.
. being shouted at 00:07 s - nice ! gotta love religion ! . ”
held draftsmen chart, igneous, and polanski were reported dead in the shotgun attack
.... i dare you to tell the truth
dead 12 injured 57 hostages
rip jihadist terrorist victims . this is why i would tweeted it was so important for muslims to openly *
i have proved you wrong son. nevermind eh.
well if they want me ...
people can be offended by cartoons and be outraged by murder. it is not a trade off
i am guessing a call might be on the way.
amen to that and ditto for all religions.
they were prepped and ready i am sure they were just awaiting any excuse !
every damn newspaper in the world needs to publish these cartoons. solidarity.
in our case it certainly seems to be so.
on news night condemning free speech
official : police launch assault where suspects holed up ( afp ) :
best of luck to commandos
more freedom satire from charlie hebdo - " the pope in paris : the french are as idiotic as the
blacks are not please
i hope you do not mind, but i need to “ steal “ this.
it does not say ' blacks ' but the n-word, which is as controversial as the english n-word
absolutely a meant to b funny
. one more here satire on holocaust
does not it actually saith “ the french are as stupid as the niggers ? “
held is an equal offender that does not discriminate.
the are as idiotic as the blacks “ ?! that is not satire !
a little satire is always a laugh
are you angry because that cartoon equals french and black people ?
the exact translation is the n word in english ...
i noted the bbc kept emphasising how liked to " provoke " . almost as if they deserved it ?
they do but are not french police armed ?
was lost when they blew up that last double decker years ago. r.i.p sgt ; eu
they are run by a tory !
the tone of their reporting was weaseled at times.
good satirists do go out to provoke. it is what they are for.
media can not be blaming muslims mate, racist innit 😳😳😳😳
where can i buy a tee shirt. please can all democratic newspapers print these cartoons immediately
blaming the cartoonist for these murders is like a rapist blaming the victim for wearing a short skirt.
fuck the we should all boycott it
behavior of polio. correct europe. sorry ... i mean eurasia.
they were the fearless even after other tragic threats.
the is full of labor movies, & amp ; most are from dubious roots :
the needs ripping apart or disbanded it is a strange organization not fit for purpose
does somebody want to tell me how isis is not islam again , after murdering 12 in over a cartoon
tea party are independent not sheep !
the study of what the koran teaches vs the new testament clearly shows the reason islam subjugates !
are not you surprised the have not called this “ a workplace violence “ event ?
i would say the same is islam. sad.
i am done wasting my time with this fool, .
apples and what is the proof that the govt was complicit in 9-11 ?
same way as with north woods, mk ultra, and tuskegee syphilis experiment.
way above my pay grade because it looks like they are the same to me.
hear what one never trust the gov, period.
you need to red more about both islam and christianity
that i just want to hear how they are complicit
ha tea that explains a lot. sorry no respect. bye
god idea to block that idiot ! islam instructs followers to murder, christianity instructs people to love !
yep figured that life is too short ! make a difference -- my new year is resolution !
and no one has ever heard of you. try and look at the world with a some intellect
want to bet it was ? if muslims do not annihilate radicals they are complicit.
i have lived around the world & amp ; am highly educated, know this.
i think i missed all the fun this morning. looks like you handled it in
let is hear this one low
because attack in the name of religion
come on a pathological liar ?
that is like saying catholics are all like ira, or all buddhist like the monks killing muslims.
some as do some christians. have you forgotten northern ireland ?
scream loudly about everything he does.
cartoons do not insult me or my religion the brutal murder of innocent people does
i love human. i mean, more than usual.
congrats on your tweet !
whilst the first might be borderline - why is the second racist ?
sorry hum job ... you are the enemy !!!
what is racist about it ?
u can condemn the attack without supporting racist cartoons.
its the stereotype that ppm r lazy, live off the state etc
they wanted the people to crumble , instead they came together .
they wanted the people to crumble, instead they came together. ” 🇫🇷
they wanted to stop people drawing the prophet. and they succeeded.
have more trust in we agree there ...
gagged since 25 years by the press for breaking the silence on corruption
they stopped twelve from drawing by murder and started 120,000 more. that is what freedom is for
the submissive papers are finished then. the torch of freedom is taken up by the bloggers now.
. but they are drawing pencils and shit - not that shit mohammad.
wow this is beautiful. just really amazing
. fair enough worth saying again
this is why i and other muslims will not apologize for the charlie hebdo attacks
double standard are never asked to condemn christian nut jobs.
it was an illegal war and blare and bush should go on trial as terrorists
anyone with any sense whatsoever understands this and would not expect an apology from a muslim.
pretty sure i do. do you even lift ?
expect the same of a christian as a muslim if under the same circumstance.
tell us again y women have2make themselves invisible2men, its men thoughts that r dirty not women is bodies
a if for those who say muslims do not condemn :
have you apologized for the iraq war yet ?
make it clear that is not what your faith, religion, cult stands for.
well i think the responsibility for action lies on the actor not a book written approx 1500 years ago
you have added very little to this thread.
religion. i appreciate your view though, and i do see your point.
what does that graphic have to do with islam ? read this :
catcher and the rye never killed anyone it is a book.
until has stifled criticism of itself, this is no longer viable,
many were very outspoken against the war in iraq.
really do you not know your history and the sequence of events ?
i would like to apologize for the kkk and westboro baptist church. oh .... wait ...
are. sadly us humans are quite easily influenced.
leaders would come and condemn the massive amounts of bigotry, and hate in their
i am i do apologize for my country is actions when i disagree.
condemn those that use that belief system to justify violent, or criminal acts.
chapeau , george packer and , for telling it exactly as it is .
a lot of early medical and nursing advances, public health etc ; so yes.
time to update the ' no true scotsman ' fallacy ?
oh did they that is interesting.
hopefully people will not give the extremists the war they are trying to start.
arguments convince people of things ; killing them can not possibly do that.
except those who are beyond reasonable discussion. deprogramming a life of brainwashing ai not easy ...
have you been asleep for the past 11 years ???
fuck off you disingenuous troll.
any examples of this galvanization that you or i could not do without it ?
having a giggle at a sky fairy is rude, sure, but not grossly insulting.
both sides wants a war. the moderates are the ones who will suffer the most
i believe religion exists and these views are held sincerely by some people and less so by others.
or is slaughter only evil when it happens to people who look like you ?
there are all sorts of religious nuts, extremists in every camp. but free speech is universal.
stealing is a crime. murder due to sacred insult is directly religious. pure cowardice orbit.
packer for telling it exactly as it is. via
you can have your that is your right. even if its wrong.
oh were the journalists torturing these muslim thugs ?
is there no act of barbarism that will sufficiently stun self hating liberals into ceasing their apologia
what slaughter and torture are you referring to ?
i am not so sure unfortunately. the fascist politics in france already try to start it.
if that were true surely they would go after the people harming them rather than innocents ?
they also got threats when they did stuff about christian in fact. great article.
. everyone should read this article.
because torture and slaughter on a mass level are so much less outrageous than what happened yesterday
specifically so you can pretend that things are not interrelated ? i do not play that game
packer and, for telling it exactly as it is. ”
you know full fucking well how one thing relates to another.
satirical french magazine attacked by gunmen : latest news report
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
i had not even understand why the shooters did it. is it in the name of islam ?
so yes the calls for death for those who insult your god or prophet.
no it is horrible though 😞
satirical magazine attacked by gunmen : latest news report ”
these terrorist are actually making lives of common peace loving miserable !!
they will be seized wherever found and slain ... “
are you daft what do you think it calls for ?
satirical magazine attacked by gunmen : latest news report ”
satirical magazine attacked by gunmen : latest news report ”
i do not think so.
it does not call for “ execution of those who insult the prophet “ as claimed.
did you not read ?
but what is the cartoon ? none displays it for the people to know and decide !
no idea if anyone has claimed it yet ?
that verse does not call for “ execution of those who insult the prophet “ as claimed.
satirical magazine attacked by gunmen : latest news report ”
no satirical magazine attacked by gunmen : latest news report ”
rushdie : " religion , a mediaeval form of unreason , when combined with modern weaponry becomes a real threat
he does not say understatement of the century ?
what about ancient religions we semi-reason combined with the same ? wonder.
a killer has no religion. a killer is just a killer !
a medieval form of reason, ... exactly so
mt “ religion is a medieval form of reason “
if we hate after atrocities like this , we are doing exactly what the perpetrators want us to do
fuck off with this bullshit ....
apparently the west is creating the jihadists, according to ...
that is obviously what i mean.
i am talking about hatred against an entire community. as you know. not the murderers.
i am not talking about the perpetrators. as you full well know.
ten tweets in three years ... is this u owen u library fuck wit ?
you know we are all angry and disgusted by that, right ?
you just want to force your bizarre beliefs on others. bye.
i know exactly what you mean.
what a load of ! shall we hug them & amp ; say there ?
this is true. if only love always returned love.
it is an effective strategy.
should we hug and hold hands ????? moron !!!
a and an islamist but i do not support murder of innocents. dont be an ignorant
. nothing wrong with hating islamist, or any other kind of nazi for that matter.
you know what i joel.
i obviously meant what ed said.
i was just responding to the rampant anti-muslim tweets i have been bombarded with
do a little search on twitter and you will find plenty like this
i am not talking about the attackers. self-evidently. i am talking about hatred against an entire community
yes that is a worry, particularly after the recent demos in germany.
thanks for putting a few sandbags down before the tidal wave of reductionist chat flares up on here
fair enough. i obviously do not get the traffic you get.
journalists , admin staff and police officers among those injured in attack
well they asked for the violence knowing not to push the boundaries of journalism by targeting any religion
video screams about allah “.
so why provoke why push the boundaries ? why
allow that filth in your country and this is what you get.
something is not working right when a photographer takes these shot and an armed policeman does not.
real men do not attack and kill unarmed people !
such lovely the
attack against not against “ charlie-hebdo ! “
show yes olhaalaa
liberals are learned fools who lack wisdom. france has naturalized 6. 7 million foreign muslims.
how any human can do such cold blooded murder is out of this world
if only people did not hand out guns : jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
question will submit ? freedom is on the line.
what a joke watch it buster ok
breaking : sources tell attack ws petty robbery ! cong demands french govt give proof attackers are terrorists
next our investigative will claim that cartoonists killed themselves for satire
congress would get bitch slapped so bad they would have to be hospitalized.
amp pappy are solidly behind the attackers.
possibly to smuggle used newsprint ...
they were reared fascists.
oh already express is reporting that cartoonists died of dehydration not terror attack !
add too. he has outstanding sources too.
is suddenly infamous !
no way they came to wish happy new year !
also birth certificate is to prove they are adult
mayor of paris anne hidalgo calls for march on thursday through paris is republic square after attack
stop mocking other people is religion
mayor of hidalgo calls for march on thursday through paris is republic square after attack ”
freedom of press for holocaust too ?
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
i condemned any kind of murder attack in totality, but freedom of speech should be controlled
and the say nothing. bbc disgust me.
march unleash the french legionaries to defend !
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
the last thing to ever. stop talking, take action.
waste of time how about stop pandering to muslims. voters got what they voted for
trends after brutal shooting at magazine
trends after brutal shooting at magazine ”
is it now time for every publication in france to put a cartoon on its front cover ?
trends after brutal shooting at magazine ”
not in our name – muslims respond in revulsion to shooting .
concessions should not be made if the world wants to adopt a wider sense of open and free speech
rt not in our name – muslims respond in revulsion to shooting.
sadly tom the majority do not seem to be rushing to condemn
that is not the point. re-read my comment.
it does have a place. it is reserved for stupid cunts.
. typical. no coherent response. i doubt you did understand it, with literacy like that.
condemnation insufficient. explanation prevention ?
mocking the color of someone is skin is an affront to arbitrary genetic differences.
mockery of any ones religion is not acceptable. be it islam, christianity etc
fuck off with your stupid shit. thanks. bye.
actions speak louder than words.
because only do what normal muslims tell them to do, right ?...
unlike you are somewhat forced to practice your own skin color. . .
you'v us created the ideology and directing it 2 islam as whole forgetting th point in discussion
it is perfectly acceptable to mock voluntarily accepted extremist ideology. essential, actually.
you toss em up and i will just brainlessly splat them !
right in there with a right hook. lmao.
but the leaders of the muslim community are obvious by their absence ....... as usual ....
. are you expecting a joint press release from 1. 6bn people ?
but can mock their personal belief via different means
black so and so and proclaim it is your right of speech
any word from the humans condemning the attack yet ? no thought not.
: everything you need to know about the magazine that refuses to be censored
interesting choice of covers given that the attackers were not catholic michael jackson fans.
print the cartoons. do not be fearful.
everything except any themed cartoons …
you mean char not stephanie
interesting that they did not show the cover that caused the offense
extremely brave choice of illustrations. are you not scared of furious michael jackson fans ?
blurring such images.
cowardly choice. no re tweet for you.
.......... from the paper that censors itself “
wrote and drew this on and the history of cartoonists killed for their work
that is very nice of you ! thanks.
that is a very beautiful picture. peace
they were killed during a meeting discussing a conference on the fight against racism. voila. “
hero police officer executed in street was 42-year-old married muslim ahmed merabet
why was there no blood when he was shot point blank in the head ?
these are not true these are extremists.
shocking all these attacks in paris
they are that deranged they are even killing their own. no one is safe from them.
independent cartoonist on the story behind our front page image
thank is for this today you made me smile even if i were sad. #
i work in the south but from
then ready to join held soon inshallah
. publish the held mohammad cartoons, do not let them win
wait and see the reaction 1 million time more strong.
this is extraordinary. it embodies the relentlessly irreverent spirit of perfectly.
. held is preparing the next edition, with 1 million copies, a record.
now the cartoonist from the atlanta journal is standing up against fear and intimidation.
thanks so much for sharing. just added it to my
we all need to stand up to these cowardly bastards !!! & amp ; show we are as 1
why there is no blasphemy law in france
as a muslim , killing innocent people in the name of islam is much , much more offensive to me
communists were and are not religious. yesterday one blew herself up in turkey !
share article or book i must read or ur quoting might be out of context
which means it is not on the same level ... quit with the selective understanding
no a select few of fucked up people attacked paris not muslims fucked up people
you can not be serious that is selective understanding in a nutshell !
plus this newspaper has done cartoons about islam and lived a former attack in 2011.
it is unconfirmed who the attackers were (there were previous attacks by fascists)
i am even then killing is not justifiable. killing is never justifiable.
nobody is animal here. and i am defending innocent people not these terrorists
president cal either university approves killing & amp ; maiming christians, jews+other infidels.
article of scholar u were referring back provide it
ended up in bloodshed. and now this. violence. root : beliefs.
yeah. true. always try to high jack idea.
you had no choice to be muslim. you were told to be one.
not all will see them as innocent people
you really compare a cartoon and a kill ?
i do not at but killing 11 people ? it is a disgrace to islam.
they just said ' u akbar '
yes they exist but my point was every terrorist outrage carried out today is perpetrated by muslims
everyone can be seen as a terrorist depending on where you are in your life
go fuck yourself you hideous tramp
creates violence. not acknowledging it is bad. not all muslims are bad.
yeah police officers innocents cartoonist did provoke and disrespected religion responsible for their acts
and what is it ??? muslims killing muslims ... or christians ??
oh now that is dead, your logic is basically muslims being victims of terrorism
and your type of ignorance is no different from jihads types. two sides of the same coin
what difference does it make ? they obviously felt what they did was making a religious statement.
he is saying it is not on the same level.
pal. the practitioners of your “ religion “ are animals.
no. and were atheist and the biggest terrorists.
you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about. do you actually know any muslims ?
everyone can mock for christ is sake ! see, just done it ...
are you defending these animals ? why is islam overflowing with murderers ?
go write an opera gold
the biggest terrorists the world has ever seen is the us. they kill millions
you said all terrorists are muslim.
there is answer. keyboard warrior
all terrorists are ira ? eta ? bader manhood ? well you learn something every day.
are you a supporter of genital mutilation ? child rape ?
i could not agree more.
the majority yes and those responsible are pure scum but think how many muslims
i do not know if you read french but this is what we know.
cleric confirms your prophet was pedophile & amp ; rapist. but you would still kill for him
things perhaps work differently in real world !
why do want 2 live in dissolute places like france/uk/usa/canada ? please explain.
he is saying the reaction is disproportionate to the apparent offending cartoon. he is condemning it.
fundamentalist beliefs are an anachronism in a modern world. they will disappear in time
too much doing shit. too little protests from muslim on shit they do.
i do agree but we must make sure no provoking 2 heat up and get worse in killing s
hi still waiting for an answer to my question.
i am talking about today you cretinous wank stain you forgot to mention guy fawkes idiot
how do you know the killers are muslims and they killed in the name of islam ?
yes if he does say that he must be held responsible
if artiest i do not mock u either. there is respect and nothing disgusting
so he was a terrorist ? imagine that !
you are allowed and rewarded for killing non muslim. you will go to heaven for it
1 terrorist v how many muslim you do the maths you cretinous wank stain
very much so. fortunately of. ) , only the religious use guns
do not categorize a whole religion because some people are fucked up
is bigotry. by the way, you are an insufferable cunt who fully deserves sharia.
you never said today. tool.
not u have wrong information. egypt homes ancient christians.
i condemn not just any gov is recklessness in being involved in killing innocent.
maybe they are from
it saith it is much more.
you said all terrorists were muslim. i corrected you with facts.
no bro mocking religion is against ethics cause hate in society
is and is a cunt.
why is it can openly declare kill affair + disrespect other religions but not vice verse
this shows how related he is. ignorance is a disease.
your ideology is just too sick.
not all are terrorists ; yet all terrorists are muslim. let is not wear blinders today.
does that make him a non-terrorist ?
yes. the freedom of speech and expression. have a blessed day gamer.
they obviously do not realism that islam is 1. 7 billion people worldwide
do u agree that most terrorist acts in recent years are in the name of islam ?
so in not aloud to disrespect a bunch of crazy people who murdered people doing a funny job 😂
give me a fucking ' break. goddamned melissa. you are better than that.
first of all in not american, and secondly do you have a problem with christian ism ?
white is not a homogeneous culture. neither is islam.
all very subjective criteria. the bullets shot in the name of allah were all too real !
shit be upon any mother fucker american who does not identify this as a muslim attack on france.
there must be equal respect and equality because v r humans and have 2 share the earth with diversity
and you are mother she is christian motherfucker ???
do feel people should be killed for leaving islam ?
you are rehearsing is tenets, not islam. you seemed to ignorant about topic
how would you propose to limit his freedom of speech ? would you issue a fatwa on him ?
where does it say that ? chapter ? verse ? hadith ?
it is all over the news you cretin
we do not know for sure. this is too soon but that gives us an idea ...
absolutely not. it is basic freedom of speech. which also allows you to argue back.
so the never killed 6million people mainly jews ?
cartoons were drawn in why are they attacking now ? shouting allah akbar is not proof
there are in this world should we judge them all because of a few
is it too much to ask that we lose the political correctness for 1 day ? it was muslims
yes they did. just not in the name of christianity.
go back to old school and kick your english teacher is ass. they failed you horribly.
... lemma guess u all nt regret was u r saying
now shouted akbar. did it make u muslim ?
indeed where did he go ?
why now i cannot say ...
todays terrorist is tomorrows freedom fighter ... nelson mandela rings a bell ?
i may criticism but sure no disrespect or mocking. u can criticize but in respectable way
f'ed up who happen to be radical muslims, were attackers. deal w/ it.
just do not blame the whole religion that is not right
if you hate on a whole religion for actions of few people then your an idiot
and u r confusing with muslims. now go try to learn some facts.
freedom of speech you fucking idiot if you do not like it fucks off back to your mud hut
because you have a muslim name does not make you a muslim.
i have seen ignorant but hey lets welcome the worst of them
i have no idea what is saying.
back match ya fucking fat pig. stuff your ass with a pork chop.
it is for you to rape non muslim. you are allowed.
today is a day we lose all this bullshit political correctness. muslims attacked paris. m-u-s-l-i-m
created by attacked by christians isis by christ what fuck u want fr muslim
do you see raping children ? beheadings in vatican city ?
these will be difficult and sad times. thank you for those words
each week this journal kids about every religion ...
which tenets do i rehearse ? that was saudi assertion.
a sock trying to be numerous fail we only hung it because it looked like your mam
if you are it makes you shout allah u akbar.
they were not killed because they were white. come on.
save it for the hair 😄😜😃
plenty of white people have killed muslims. 3) isis predominantly kills muslims.
the also says that all religions shall be respected a terrorist that says differently is lying.
you should have some text interpretation lessons, lad ...
then i wonder when extreme jews or christians are gonna attack. hmmm. ?
you are forced to be one.
unfortunately incidents like this not only result in senseless slaughter, but also spark sweeping anti-religious sentiment.
so the solution is killing ?
no mocking nor disrespect but this would also be subjective so i apologize
agree. criticize me
the terrorist brain killed 78 people in norway. not a muslim. keep to facts please.
tragedy both events are horrendous and deserve to be executed but not a whole religion
certainly we cannot argue on all fronts of society. point is limit 2 freedom of speech is vital
and how many of these ancient coptic christians have been murdered for their religion ?
people will commit horrendous acts no matter on there religion
that that requiring you to murder, allowing you theft and rape.
yes there is tolerance and right to practice other religion for people of those religions
your quiet possibly the most ignorant delusional idiot known to man
how eloquently put your mother would be proud of you.
yep. attacking while not right, feels more like a fight than shooting civilians cartoonists somehow
it is not just a few people : islamic nations still execute for blasphemy etc.
for yes it seems to be.
25 deadliest mass shootings in u.s. history fast facts via
... do not dare say so mother fucker
laid weapons down officially maybe. they both still exist though.
everyone is exempt from what gives anyone the right to publicly mock someone/something ?
was the biggest terrorist ever and he was christian so where is your logic ?
those b who provoked it by their work+gov failure to bridle them are reasons
and entire countries which execute for blasphemy.
no you are a white pig and you suck your pig ass 😂
survey conducted by pew research :
i am saying let is lose the political correctness today. muslims killed white westerners
yeah if u have lost ur honor than others cannot be blamed
group recently demanded that all gays be put to death
you fucking fuck off you fat cow
why still consider themselves religious ? read here :
some folks can not tell unequivocal condemnation.
it is growing yes and that is horrible just hopefully it can be stopped soon
there must be limits on freedom of speech. such mag provoke hate and outcome we witness
this very concept is bone of contention and being used to provoke
not real if strong can the world along better learn 2 respect or lest no disrespect
no they simply slaughter. does that make terrorism no terrorism ?
since they b were not family guys not applicable in above clause
freedom of expression u idiot so fuck off
i never said a name made you a muslim ? 😂😂
is killing too many muslims everyday all over the world. have u ever condemned
people got massacred today. playing the white supremacy card is utterly moronic.
but many and much more are legitimizing it in the community
but majority are talking as if they exactly know attackers and their motivations
i do not know this guy nor agree with his ideas nor he authority islam
yes i was referring to armed chap right to hit trigger now fuck off
u cannot expect people to stay cool while u keep mocking them
u are absolutely ignorant of importance of religion. ur brian is so small 2 comprehend it
your prophet himself was a monster you cretin !
that was a really stupid remark
with due respect freedom of speech is not infinite. french gov better had taken action against them
i mean mocking religion is disgusting. but killing people in the name of religion is worse.
you are allowed to steal from non muslim. you will still go to heaven.
but that ideology that you defend so blindly is just disgusting.
you should explain yourself better you monkey hanging useless cunt.
potentially this years most ignorant statement. i sincerely hope it was irony.
who is the terrorist in the little kids eyes who is parents have been shot by our military ?
scholar article. u r citing is out of context
i was referring to the journalists right to publish a cartoon you wank stain
but you can not kill people for publishing a cartoon. get over it.
your idea of expression is a bit worse !
oh that is another one
in that case you are a pseudo-liberal appeaser of islam, which is worse.
grand highest muslim religious authority, supports murdering non-muslims
you can not accuse all muslims of being terrorists.
they did not shout see eds. face facts you pig.
you are missing the point.
you do not read that much, do you ?
i condemn their killing. they deserve same right 2 live as others
kindly share source i never heard such a thing
a voice of reason please shout it loud not all muslims are terrorists but all terrorists are muslim
did not kill because of religion. educate itself :
and a disgrace of humanity ???
for mare fact that you are muslim, and the other is not, is disgusting.
yes with due respect and no harsh feelings. peace
mocking yes is valid but ethics and limits must be applied
the says there shall be no compulsion in religion
even the second one is not correct, kkk, tamil tigers, jewish terrorist groups are not muslims
they joked at every religion you fucking moron. only your backwards fuckers kill because of it. cunt
so much this. plus deal with freedom of speech. do not like ? do not read.
try harder. you missed as well.
bring it on. i am a texan and i support my gun rights
are is pure and hitler is a good example of it being because
a delightful tweet to a muslim who condemns the attacks. rt “ : fuck u fucking muslim ”
he killed to raise a point about muslims in norway read his court statement you imbecile
because a third of your fellows do.
religion is an absolute waste or time, there is no such thing as any god 😂
goal also compares to apes and pigs.
keep going its good to have tweets to report
love the insults. thank you for the enlightened words.
you are a disgrace to the founding principles of your country
but also sometimes because of it. herein lies the difference
that does not mean you kill them ? people have freedom of speech, as does the press.
any religion that can not roll-on-the-ground laugh at itself needs to completely re-evaluate itself
this is confirmed on tv. you can hear the killers scream allow akbar.
i never stated he did because he was christian but the comment that all terrorists
what fucking. it is a daft book about a bloke who married children.
stay millions are being terrorized by islam. and it is growing.
yes u never said that. name does not make u muslim or christian ur faith does
war on whites you do not need a break, eric. you need a mental enema !
he ran like a bitch from ur question i would guess !
you do have a point there.
from you bore wannabe tosser
name all the people i have killed in the name of my ' bigotry ' then, scumbag.
you are a good person not wanting to generalize, but this is also a bad approach
crowds gather for vigils around australia
held targets ideals
grieves with you
never underestimate the power of whiteness to galvanize itself into action when it is playing savior or victim.
do you not want people to stand up against terrorism or tyranny because they are white now ?
its time for us atheists to show our pop. sick of religion.
crowds gather for vigils around australia ”
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
where did everyone get all these signs so quickly ?
crowds gather for vigils around australia ”
i was not talking to you.
many of them are racists and just use it to support their bigotry
condemns attack in , offers her condolences to fr ppl and gov
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
loved your post by not post on proximity based travel network ?
loved your post by not post on proximity based travel network ?
" this is not a religion " important to remember in times like this .
this is not a religion “ important to remember in times like this. ”
pictures from the scene : gunmen attack paris office
pictures from the scene : gunmen attack paris office ”
why is the figure in the middle shaded in the middle
pictures from the scene : gunmen attack paris office ”
can not you say extremists then ? they were islamist. shitebag british media at its worst.
i am sorry you feel patronized.
the video by
as they deal in images and propaganda maybe post fewer pictures of this brutality
look at the best of charlie hebdo is covers right here
rt in support of the murdered french journalists.
look at the best of charlie held is covers right here ”
look at the best of charlie held is covers right here ”
oh ... it was such beauty ! i am still missing to experience that laugh
rt in support of the murdered french journalists. “ kudos.
vive la suffering the catastrophe they have woken up the whole world for the impending disaster.
look at the best of charlie held is covers right here ”
what is this otherness that ails the west ?
look at the best of charlie held is covers right here ”
100 lashes if you do not die laughing !
your tweet makes my page better :
oh. that was translation itself .... thank you !
look at the best of charlie held is covers right here ”
why is it so difficult to respect other religions, other peoples ? why ?
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
look at the best of charlie held is covers right here
see what says do not let islam win
100 lashes if you do not die laughing
calls for " every newspaper in europe " to print charlie hebdo cartoons
why not those targeting and jesus ? would be ok for you ?
will not like that at all
are rip for all this kia !!!!! didier (little britain / france)
sooner or we will all respond to these attacks.
its not nice but stopping it via violent force of any kind is not the way to go
yes they and in their respective languages too
will not hold my breath on that one. already blurred out a depiction on cover of.
that is a very good idea.
not just every newspaper on earth. post them on twitter. i will rt.
it is obvious you have no idea what freedom of speech & amp ; press means ! troll !
there is no death penalty in france . good that those terrorist killers are killed .
interview was suddenly stopped because of breaking news, they have not telecast the rest of the interview.
. there you are secularist. i wonder what is a though.
wonder what your great disciple would feel about this tweet ...!
innocent until proven guilty you see, which applies to ex & amp ;.
do not think there was any doubt how the french authorities intended to end this. right move.
yes. every incident needs an investigation, every human being deserves a trial.
versatile armies with 2 missions : de jure for media & amp ; de facto to exterminate jihadists.
so you think it is very ok to kill people without an investigation and trial ?
secret armies to fight fire with fire
but a politically motivated sit can give an anytime. lolz.
loved your interview on headlines today. be that fierce always. & amp ; keep inviting fatwas
r u blind or u need a bloody investigation on open killing at
the whole of it was not telecast b/c you were not following d script ... low.
death penalty never brought justice ....
yes those few seconds are their right. if u act savage with savages then you are the same
harm needs an go to nigeria
trial would take come to decision. eye witnesses, videos would address that.
police launch assault where charlie hebdo suspects holed up : official source
rt police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ”
police launch assault where held suspects holed up : official source via
i had on in the background and all of a sudden live gunfire.
sounded like dead hostages and dead hostage takers.
police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ”
police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ”
i saw it
yeah nothing good just happened i do not think
police launch assault where suspects holed up : official source. smoke seen from building
all 90,000 police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ”
police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ”
police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ”
police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ”
police launch assault where charlie held suspects holed up : official source ””
if you tweeted , please rt :
just unite against terror as a country
ridiculous. i may not have answers but what you are suggesting is just not right either
which is in your opinion ?
do not use the language used to justify attacks on jews for years.
it is so sad how this has to be asked. the world we live in.
did that purposely to see if people would come up with the only answer possible.
total separation between the west and islam. and achieve that by any bloody means possible.
when the shooting stops what happens then please read
i just tweeted exactly the same.
one of my favourites , particularly relevant right now
spot on one of my favorites, particularly relevant right now ”
no cause then i would go to hell !! i am catholic !!
this would make the world a lot safer !
one of my particularly relevant right now
one of my favorites, particularly relevant right now ”
congrats on your tweet !
i was not aware that mohammad was your mother. please accept my apologies.
one of my favorites, particularly relevant right now ” +1
yes what did cartoonists ever do for us !
think how our upbringings would have suffered without knowledge of dennis the menace or desperate dan !
today is cartoon , by .
be calm. be dear paris. resist to be calm.
sad thing is that they kill because they are unable to laugh
you have let us all down. should have printed a ch cartoon.
today is by. ”
you could not print this in queens-land ...
a big to the cowards : rt : today is cartoon, by. ”
while the bbc and uk press shamed themselves yesterday censoring cartoons you know who reprinted them ? al jazeera .
i think whatever moral wrongness there is in censoring racist cartoons is negated by its ubiquitousness.
suppose holocaust did not happen ?
i am not sure where the double standards are .... explain ?
anyway all non are animals. just jews are too.
i am atheist. it is all freedom of speech. we have laws to prevent incitement to violence/hatred
not gonna answer the question then ?
i hate conspiracy theories and anti zionist rhetoric
good i disagree and am therefore obtuse and they say the art of conversation is dead
agree to disagree. and not all of them were racist (although that is not really important)
you think censoring racist cartoons is bad ?
i do not hate you and wish for you the best
again referring to main stream media showing double standards.
i am atheist so fucked according to all three abraham religions. as such i ignore all bigoted talk
probably one of the better more impartial news channels out there.
what i am saying is muslims are not a race
you might also be surprised to learn who else is offended by satire
the francophone press all over the world reproduced the cartoons. the british or american press ? nah ...
that is racially stereotyping middle easterners as muslims.
and will you resign on principle if they do not ?
why are we talking about you ? thought the discussion was about freedom of speech ! typical atheists
blah blah. do not read hebrew
the hello cartoons are not racist
i agree. can not answer my question then ?
it is a simple yes or no question.
has its jihad bond sides. they are not going to get murdered for that.
final defending free speech involves defending all speech even if you find it abhorrent
you should not. i it seems, for things you hate
cartoon suggests anti bias in censorship, while mostly not reprinting cartoons out if “ sensitivity “
are you seriously saying a cartoon that racially stereotypes muslims is not racist ?
how is satirizing taking the piss out of religion racist ?
which assertion is wrong please discuss
it is about double standards ' thicko ! why not have equal standards ?
i think portraying as hook nosed stereotypes is just ever so slightly racist.
i have a mensch default setting, which is to disagree with you ! will not on this
so you criticize me for stopping your free speech by criticizing your attack on free speech ??
my only once again a religion is not a race.
will you be reprinting them in your sun article ?
so racial stereotyping is not being racist to you ?
i do not make that call, if i did, we would print them
almost as if they are using racial stereotypes or something ! * shock *
not to not when they are completely ubiquitous on the internet now.
yes and i have a right to be offended, insult you back and complain.
you are talking crap. i do not get into conversation with holocaust deniers
is a great guy
each of those assertions is very wrong. if you like we can discuss.
can you explain this tweet ? please
which is racist you surely cannot be this obtuse.
i hate all all wrong
it would require an interesting definition of race though would not it
glad u finally got it !
how am i not having equal standards ?
that word racist. i do not think it means what you think it means.
i presume that means are a race ? and rastafarian ? jedis maybe ?
seriously are you so stupid ! who said you are showing double standards ?
the certainly events concerning qatar) , main service dramatically less so though.
thanks for the colloquialism person i give no fucks about.
police : two hostage situations near paris believed to be related to the attack at . watch :
will fight extremists now stop all
have been fleeing france bc french have allowed this situation to get out of hand.
yes why do not you identify them muslim terrorist kill them
police two hostage situations paris. watch : ”
believed to be related it is called islamic terrorism.
exactly the right response : mass sharing starts at 14 gmt via
might be of interest. a few words on the charlie held attacks :
huge crowd gathered in union square to show solidarity with france . via
way to cold huge crowd gathered in union square to show solidarity with france.
or burning down stores owned by their own neighbors. or defecating in the parks.
apparently not the same shit who advocated for killing. these ppm actually have jobs and a conscience
and they are not stealing electronics.
people worldwide are breaking out their pens to pay tribute to shooting victims :
your probably correct we have many friends that are not are friends at all.
this have cross the line of limits.
behind these can be quite non-muslim putin
i can not understand what kind of religion use there on religion as excuse to kill innocent people ...
time for true teachings to be shared and shouted from the mainstream muslim community to these idiot radicals !
.... absolutely ... “ ... !!!!! ....... and how there are .........
freedom of speech ... without the lesson of virtue ..... will become an abomination ....
rt people worldwide are breaking out their pens to pay tribute to shooting victims :
secret services are not friends to anybody at all. much more when they are in the war ((((
he died because we are tired of this muslims rats violence all over the world
thats going to be your biggest mistake !!!!!
. take a stand and rt : i am i am
kudos to for having the guts to post this
terror does have a religion and that religion is called islam.
take a stand and rt i am ”
sharia + faith + jihad
mocking is chasing god chased around toilets
people r so they do not understand satire !!! those terrorists also did not understand satire.
do you have an issue with being a muslim or statistics ?
otherwise there is no way out.
i think was being sarcastic “ !!
what happened in was tragic but it does not represent islam. tiny sick minority
several liberals “ are saying that the magazine “ deserved “ it for the cartoons
is about the conquest and conversion of the all world to islam.
faith what faith have you got if you can not stand a little mocking ?
mocking it was a satire. not mocking. .
are you saying you approve of the killing as a response to someone mocking your faith ?
the present day real is those who are following the duran to the letter.
with their jihad they are exactly following mohammad is jihads.
and as long as does not reform itself,
cult of murderers and pedophiles
yeah the nation is riding the hindu wave atm. what can be done ?
we r tolerant that is why we release. is much liberal.
tell is lovers what happened in paris.
so pk represents but do not apply stereotype % on other religions
where is the brigade ? dont want to during
should reform and accept a secularism, division of the state and religion.
that logic think what should have done to
giving up the sharia law & amp ; jihad it will continue breeding violence as the past centuries.
i am curious about your 99% blissful muslim statistics. where did you get the figure ?
without the moral and financial support of community one cannot run global terror. fyi its way above 1%
blissful where did you get this figure ?
was founded using violence and the very same violence has been going on for 14 centuries.
pray for the victims . deadly terrorist attack on french magazine charlie hebdo in paris
rt pray for the victims. deadly terrorist attack on french magazine charlie held in paris
" you can not kill satire . you can only prove its point . " --
and you cannot kill ideas either, even those you do not like !
you can not kill satire. you can only prove its point. “ --
rt you can not kill satire. you can only prove its point. “ --
rt you can not kill satire. you can only prove its point. “ --
" this is not a religion "
what is even more dangerous ? blind and ignorant faith to ancient myths ... religion !
i get it. conspiracy theorist.
all well trained amp ; professional. israel did just declare war on france re gaza.
i expect an apology tweet soon.
this is not a religion “ ”
i will be happy to serve you madam. milk ?
prophet sold have been respected. charlie abdomen is act left journos dead not islam. mslm reaction
in real it is !
got it then i will serve it warms and in your finest jugs. ok ?
was went. “ : “ this is not a religion “ ””
culture religion no. rt “ this is not a religion “
but it is being used as a tool of religion and in that religions name.
i will take my ' cream ' on the side.
. it is not just one of the results of religion
but the image should be of an ak, not a h camp ; k mp5.
we can not buy this at super market, might under super market will
um ... wt what were the shooters then ? fucking amish ?
and the shootings probably not motivated by religion, really
also dangerous is jumping to conclusions with minimal evidence, as i said before.
that is what i thought as well but let is not nitpick this one. 😊
then what do those specific statements mean to you ? please enlighten me.
that is just as i have been saying wait & amp ; see before blaming anyone.
dangerous without solid evidence.
is razor. stop being a chickenshit.
. this is not a religion “ ” via
congrats on your tweet !
i will bring you a cup up in the morning. ok ?
but how can you tell which bird that on you ?
your the cons the. no evidence & amp ; already you have the answer !
not. this is a big business.
it must have been the anti-cartoon league then ! bunch of raging assholes !
who said they were ? they have not been identified yet.
always deserve coffee wink*😉
just a random band of anti-satirists.
any 1 wanting to hide their motives will make you assume “ occam is razor “
show me any evidence of who they are ?
congrats on your tweet !
who knows may well be islamic extremists but until there is evidence .....???
amp has anyone involved in inquiry said that they were def muslim/islamic ?
all i have been saying is wait & amp ; see. not blaming any1 as yet.
respect for a mad man eh ?
i guess were not just a group whom dislike satirical magazines ? growing movement !
get on a flight phil ! i like mine with breakfast (in bed) . 😁
i am not the lead detective.
cause real prefer swords ? “ this is not a religion “
amazing mt : is most famous cartoonist , uderzo , comes out of retirement for . ”
uh. touch on the racist side, no ?
they were killed because they were fucking morons not journalists !
it would fall under ' nothing worth killing you over '
if i drew a rabbi sucking hitlers cock would that fall under freedom of speech ? or disrespect ?
time to aster ix & amp ; cleopatra
apparently satire to make a point about being terrorized into self-censorship mystifies canadians.
nothing overt racism just happens to raise eyebrows over here.
why do you focus on racism ? when it was written, slavery was still going on in canada
but if someone they would say good for the s.o.b and you know it !
would be disrespect. but if they kill you for that, i will be there to support you
no u would not and u know it !
: angela merkel says shooting in france is not only attack on french citizens , but on freedoms of press
thats one major thing the terrorists have in common with the anglo american axis -free us political prisoners
solidarity with the victims in paris this attack is cruel and evil for sure i agree with terkel
something tells me the backlash will not be an expansion & amp ; militarization of press freedoms.
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
excuse my but that is some “ punk bitch shot ! “
there is let is stop pretending we do not know it
france : since last night , gunfire and bombings have targeted two mosques , a prayer room , and a
i hope these attacks are also treated and described as acts of terrorism
bloody idiots. these poor people suffering a backlash by uneducated morons. please stay safe xx
it represented the psychological antidote to what terrorism tries to achieve
all it did was distract people from what the pertinent issues were, it was counter productive.
attacks ', as in the events being individually reported are only the tip of the iceberg.
they have the morons and the media to thank for the backlash !
stop talking about our country thanks because obviously you do not know anything.
hi we have aggregated news on multiculturalism from various medias around the world :
cycle will go on viciously.
was contrived bullshit and you lot fell for it hook, line and sinker.
" i strongly condemn the horrific shooting " at the offices of , us president obama says
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
i know my is bad these days, but i hardly believe it can be mistaken for spanish
cartoons caused it are you a fucking imbecile ?
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
i respect your freedom of speech to deride me
correct me if i am wrong but since when were cartoons a validation for brutal murder ?
he will not call it an act of terror though
might upset some people you know.
cartoons and what was said following it.
fuck you too.
the prophet you honored your very own sadistic and very sad side.
when do not stand up for, you know we are in trouble. agreed.
and this has nothing whatsoever in any small teeny weeny way do with
when activists need a pretext to justify their violence, they always find it
extremists will use any even cartoons, to carry out violence. never a validation
i strongly condemn the horrific shooting “ at the offices of, us president obama says
says the golf player the ever harbored.
km your profile says tarot cards, angels and now mohammad ? get lost.
french police getting ready to use ... tanks against two terrorists in siege ?!
no. there is 2 military bases around. that is all.
department of homeland security “ for the e.u to come ??
via police getting ready to use ... tanks against two terrorists dam martin siege ?!
a transfer during a state of high alert ... quite normal
might have been the signal for sleeping cells to start against and ultimately.
better to have and not need .....
the area is near a major highway. also it is going opposite way
ah con that is just coincident transport. tanks facing against direction
perhaps ... or maybe they are just rolling out the cavalry, a show of force ...
so that is what is meant by overkill, always wondered
. they reportedly had a rocket launcher/rpm yesterday :
it is. i am really not surprised.
police have tanks that is interesting.
istupidity will not win ' - survivors of attack will publish new issue next week
if only to attack terrorists with the same vigor.
better pressure govt to let you start packing then
former leader supporting the attack.
we will not let them kill expression, art, humor ... very sad news ✌
. solidarity . freedom .
the order is still intact .......
starts 4th back on abc !
i wish so you can re tweed me back
have you gotten a chance to see hayden is baby girl in person ?
ya will “ :. solidarity. freedom. ”
i agree and when does the new nashville start waiting on pins and needles
cool thanks for sharing this can not wait and loving the soundtracks from all seasons
thank you for your concern in france !!! love from france & lt
momentary solidarity with marine leper and freedom to disparage minorities.
freedom of expression is and will remain a pillar of french values
many thanks from an activist whose guilty pleasure is
too many equivocating opinion pieces on . the quality of satire or speech is irrelevant . murder for ' blasphemy
i kind of deserve that response beech.
gotta get john on a wednesday and he works on your british accent. papi british accent is great
... i can not resist !!
but why poke a beehive and get surprised when you get stung
that is some of the most insanely spurious bunkum. congrats.
in as you is hardly fair
but then we would lose john is marvelously scathing responses after leotard show appearances !
any doubt you were victim blaming has been erased.
i need to listen to you earlier in my rants !! he is blocked ! and thanks !
did you understand a word just said ?
be angry at the not the millions who have and want nothing to do with them.
coming from a drunk groupie with no professionalism that is hated by her co-workers, stu
are not as polite and classy as yourself !
you are it is not. everyone should have the freedom to state their opinion.
that might be the most british tweet of all time
but i am angry at people who equivocate or suggest that c.h. somehow “ asked for it. “
i am not quite as classy as wish i was !!
i am laughing because you are right !
oh looks another smart ass.
truth hurts i guess. like stephen a said, do not provoke
i am not sure i said anything different
insulting belief is not a crime ...
this conversation has me genuinely laughing out loud, so true & amp ; so funny
killing for being nasty about religion is no more logical than killing for rudeness to shakespeare
never bring his name up !! he hated me, and i never quite figured out why ...
we condemn today is horrific attacks in . our condolences and support go to the people of france , the
your first misconception is that anyone actually gives a shit about you !
and as misses no opportunity to hijack a tragedy in support of his unhinged trudeau hate
i read about him and the duran,
my last name is you dip shit irish background
if balls were brains he would be a eunuch !
they are go 2 a most & amp ; prostrate u infidel snort
i had 10 min supper was ready low lots of questions but docent like my answers
man. real deep.
they do not low it is part of the whole cloak and dagger islamic shit
its turn the other cheek & amp ; let he who is without sin cast the first stone
you may find this helpful. you are welcome.
meanwhile harper locks into 32 year trade deals with communist china ...
i guess that means i won !
do u know when syphilis started & amp ; where & amp ; u think u r einstein
why even use this word use nice intelligent words 2 convince
u continue 2 use degrading words 2 prove ur point not intellectually have u read about him
. i guess he fears petite blondes as well. wow shameful
you got a problem with israelis ? islamic
you must be thinking of the liberal paid media slut
he will not get the chance ! he will not run this country.
it is still a free country last time i checked that is until justin sells us out.
shame on sun columnist using paris shooting to attack trudeau
. typical insults amp ; threatens then cowers away & amp ; blocks. lol
i have read. he must have had syphilis that would explain the degeneration of his mind.
just block him he is nothing but another deflecting fucked muslim !! or until me from this
has any ever invented anything useful or made a scientific advancement or discovery ?
no 1 knows when syphilis started first reported case in europe spread by sailors & amp ; military
have u read about him or about islam
message to left from no more tolerance + no more political correctness
allowed 2 have sex with dead bodies goats children wives, temporary marriages, no antibiotics
have read anything or u read from ur media bible
. you are a disturbed man quit pestering party leaders with your nonsense
so this is all u know ? prhaps if u take ur mind+head off human+animal waste maybe learn more
slant anything to get sell his soul to give trudeau dynasty another shot at finishing off destroying can
so what do u believe in & amp ; who taught u this vulgar language ?
has the right idea just like the other western countries, seeing islam as bullshit.
read bible if it also says 2 defend when attacked again read drop prohibitions
not as deep as you are shoveling it. read some of your liberal living tweets
terrorist attack you moron !! you go to radical mosques to get their votes !!
judging by the replies to this tweet by the terrorists sympathizing twits i think at already inducted by
anyone called .... f !
you still talking that idiot who is on twitter to convert others ?
what can you expect when he idolizes the beijing as best governance in the world.
all those peaceful quotes no longer apply because of the later violent text over ride them.
because he is the author of the duran they are his writings, he proclaimed himself a prophet
which is an insult to dunces everywhere ...
starts out all peace then gets violent and more perversions no wonder he needed body guards.
hell of a lot more intellectual than you are ... not f. off islamic recruiter !
growing up around port sailors, railroad men & amp ; truck drivers,
and on france is motorways ...
and on is motorways ... “
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
incredible. rt and on france is motorways ... ”
rt and on france is motorways ... ”
and on france is motorways ... ”
rt rt and on france is motorways ...
and on is motorways ... ”
ambulance heading towards kosher market hostage situation in after several large explosions heard + gunfire
this is not news. this is scandal. keep it going media.
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
ambulance heading towards kosher market hostage situation in this is out of control
we are monitoring police operation going on right now in , france . latest on attack on 8p
journalists are our voices. you will never silence us with a bullet.
yeah monitor the so you can blame them for or if anything happens they are there to protect
will not report on it until they have air-dropped a studio there.
on top of that. it is offensive and did not conform america
probably do not want to get shot up
news saying the youngest suspect surrendered.
once in water board them for info. even if it kills them.
the do not mess around. these 3 will be history in a day or so.
what about the bombing in colorado springs. not newsworthy for cnn
let it now pull your head out of the sand
why will not show the cartoons pictures ? blurring it out is so cowardly !
hi here is one report.
find trap kill them and send them to hell !!!
i could have sworn i just read one was killed and the other 2 were captured
if these fuckers in paris did not have hostages if ac130 them bitches .
a javelin is ground to ground.
that mission from though & lt
i am not it is you being a stupid biff.
he meat as he said
my best friend was in the military, i kinda have a clue what equipment they use.
its an anti tank weapon. lol
learn to spell what “, kid. gg
but yeah agree man. shit that is happened is so saddening
i know it is not possible for those questioning this comment 😑
they might have a javelin though to take it down ?
buff do not cry mate
learn to understand who he was saying properly go “ kid “
no it is not it takes out aircraft low
do not cry ! haha
editor , assassinated today , in 2012 : " i prefer to die standing than to live on my knees
editor i prefer to die standing, then to live on my knees. “
an obsession with free expression is a sort of dangerous extremism too.
it is all gray. no black. no white.
at least 12 dead in terrorist attack at satirical magazine in paris . our live blog :
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
last cover satirizing if mohammed returned : " but i am the prophet , blockhead ! " " shut up
the future must not belong islamic murderers who silence freedom with violence.
no excuse for killing innocent people exercising their right to free matter the cartoon is subject
. come on. these need to be tweeted and re tweeted.
implicit reference to is grand inquisitor tale.
here is the cartoonist is response to the attack :
no this is a 2006 cartoon. 9 years old.
rt here is the cartoonist is response to the attack :
it is a cartoon from 2006 not today
this cartoon from 2006 seems to be the perfect response to the attack : via
breaking : charlie hebdo editor and cartoonist stephane charbonnier among dead in attack on magazine , police say .
a blow to attacked by terrorists, 12 dead editor police say. ”
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
so unnecessary prayers for families & amp ; victims
are there no other anchors ? are we stuck with wolf for the next 4 hours ?
this is a sign that we live in what the bible calls '' the last days '' ()
you can kill the body of journalist but ideas never die we stand with french
coward act should be deplored in which innocent have been killed
. god is great europe collaborated with islam ; now they have to deal with it.
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
it is a sad and dangerous day for humanity when freedom of expression/press is being slaughtered.
journalists ' provoked ' their own slaughter , says american catholic group
bill is catholicism is angel chaudhary
the ramblings of another shit religion
sounds like another repressive religious group/ sect.
' k sake rt journalists ' provoked ' their own slaughter, says american catholic group
he stands in stark contrast to the pope is own words. i know with whom i stand
blimey. i suppose every family has its ' black sheep ', why should religions be any different
what kind of dumb cult would say that ? another fanatical one ?
good to hear these good christian loonies are supporting free speech.
no not entirely so. almost exclaimed “ jesus wept ! “ but .... damn !!
... ! do not kill the don bass !!!
definitely do not agree with this
from the makers of the spanish inquisition ...
got what was coming to them
dear please help those idiots
mt journalists ' provoked ' their own slaughter, says american catholic gap
where those cartoonists were not extremists ?
this is how france’s top sports newspaper covered the killings .
if condones he is a false prophet
and this is your a pigs vagina
“ there are causes worth dying for , but none worth killing for . ” ~ albert camus
is new novel subjugation “ (title guessed) . to read or not to read ?
no need to die. we need to fuck religion in the ass
so will i. i suppose this book will become a mega-seller.
: if we talk about ‘ war ’ , we fall into the trap set by murderers ,
that sign was manufactured awfully quickly
i like that sign. sums up nicely.
tolerance is indeed a however some have problems tolerating others different to themselves
the same false logic used by chamberlain and others to resist rearmament in the 30 is
let there be more , not less .
let there be more, not less. ”
i want to live a bit longer.
lets see who is spirit is
did you re tweet rt those who are tweeting this, might become less.
and why cannot it is in such attack i. e. good riddance
those who are tweeting might become less.
. let is make this go viral !!!
let there be more, not less. ”. retweet !!!!
we begin in paris with a moment of silence for those killed in the attacks .
my sympathies go to the victims of islam which is nurtured by europe is gross negligence and myopia
the reader will find 5 stories inside this magical book that will make children smile.
. has anyone looked into the early background yrs of the touch brothers ?
card of said suspect in, found in car left by 2 suspects
thank you for all of us in france. france will never forget and never give up !
id card of said suspect, found in car left by 2 suspects
u have to get rid of impala. she is scary
terrorism is a cancer that is treatable.
rt we begin in with a moment of silence for those killed in the attacks.
hypocricy jnu left was celebrating cartoons which depicted durga as prostitute but denouncing cartoons
i mean the type who are lucky to live after calling mother drug as ..........
remember painted nude god amp ; goddesses no outrage no fatah, became brand ambassador of
everyone is criticizing y workdays attack. dunno where you find the enemies to attack ?
left liberals are mother fuckers
y the double standard u guy r behaving same lye those isis terrorists
our took out of everything and called it secularism !
this can not be tolerated. the accused should be given life imprisonment. shameless artist.
if this is still taught in jun then it is a shame for all of us
if this is what jun is teaching it should be dismantled immediately and replaced by a new academia.
everyone has the right to mock religion & amp ; gods
. both are heresies. took allah out of islam and called it communism.
neither anybody in jun nor mph were avenged. that shows hindus are secular & amp ; liberal.
parasites fed on taxpayer money always had double standards. always supported anything anti-hindu nationalism.
if u have go join taliban or isis
can these terrorist cunts in paris just fucking stop with this bullshit ! 😡
tell me about it. just needed to make sure he was safe whilst he was away from home
they have no identity fucking hypocrites
fuck off you sad get a life plus
then why did you reply to a youtube in the first place ? fucking par
those fuckers do not follow their peaceful religion ! they do not have an identity !
there is just something wrong with them
do not blame it on islam
best thing anyone is ever said to me 😂😂
u are just a 5 year old fag
are not perfect. is perfect !!!
definitely a million times better that yours will ever be 😂😂
they do not follow correctly
2 year old i have made more money than you ever will scrounge off benefits lao
it is but it is the radical islamist doing it
read the kids tweets it gets better lao weird people
you are almost as bad as the terrorists.
not illiterate bitch
he is calling me a demo fag 😂😂 he is probably still being breastfed tbtuba
i learned yesterday from a muslim friend of mine that what they are doing is against religion.
read your tweets you retard you are clearly so jealous
it still makes them just the crazy radical kind.
if only it were true
his parents do not give him enough attention so he turns to social media and pars syndicate 😂
only illiterate people blame as far as i know islam is a religion of peace.
he needs to go eat a cactus i swear 😂😂
i can give a fuck about youtube and your youtube is shit
he is he is not the only one sick of terrorism.
it started because of sadly. some crazy people out there
i do not even consider that a par. its just random false hate low
when did he say it was ?
photos from scene of deadly attack by gunmen at paris offices of newspaper charlie hebdo .
so very sad and worrying !
photos from scene of deadly attack by gunmen at paris offices of newspaper ”
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
know is on radar of terrorist
photos from scene of deadly attack by gunmen at paris offices of newspaper charlie held
gunmen were extremists. why does the media never mention they are muslim ?
matter time in come home cause just look at in do nothing house oust
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
you reap what you sow !
so you will of course print cartoons to show your support of charge held, right ???
religion does not always correlate with ethics
x a good ! 😳
ergo i am evil. did you not notice ?
one of the nicest guys i have ever met. and i say that with a straight face.
but you have a beard ....
religion does not always correlate with ethics ”
bill gates is a good guy ?
you did not mention politicians who are the worst. most are terrorists.
your beard was considerably well kept and trim when you were in dublin.
is the size of the beard proportional to the evilness of the evil ?
religion does not always correlate with ethics & amp
but it does appear to correlate to quantity of facial hair.
was not people more concerned about islamaphobia than continued terrorist attacks
happy new year to you too claire (and paul)
hipsters. need i say more ?
but where are the women ?
2 brothers suspected in attack killed by police after standoff ne of . kosher market hostage-taking reportedly over too .
guilt by association throw the baby out with the bathwater too ?
so glad they are no longer able to hurt people praying no other fatalities
you know everything your friends and family do or view in their lives ?
a beautiful sight of solidarity with .
a beautiful sight of solidarity with. ”
thats the correct response to terrorism. not starting a false war, and torturing people
a beautiful sight of solidarity with. ”
a beautiful sight of solidarity with. ”
civilians being evacuated , schools in lock down as new hostage situation unfolds in paris
gunman was from same jihads' cell as held suspects
not only clash of cultures but civil war.
i do not know what to say i am speechless why do people do these things
i would never seen charlie hebdo magazine or it characterisation of muhammed until today . now it is everywhere .
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
west is starting a war against islam ?
the have started an efficient social and political movement to check the migration from arab world.
first you must unravel the web of deceit.
congrats on your tweet !
who profits from war in europe ? only israel & amp ; usa ;
who gunmen gt ; jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission lt ;
you’re not the hash tag even more popular right now on onemilliontweetmap
true. . extra friendly migrant policies often backfire. .
the benefactor a big question ...
but you certainly know of the muhammad cartoons ...
breaking : several schools evacuated as police surround shooting suspects
reply their handle amp ; website. . . r they crossing civic limits ?
. long as prophets allow using their names for murder will continue.
u seem to be an educated man, would u earn your livelihood by hurting feelings of others ?
. it is neither nor god. but their representatives allow such use.
of course killing is neither required nor justifiable, but does this mean that keep on abusing prophets ?
where is it mentioned that he prophet muhammad peygamberallowed such use of his name ?
in should have not continued hurting feelings of other sin spite of repeated warnings over years.
what administration is doing what are stipulated administrative clauses ? register infringements with police
. you should ask the & amp ; victims from
i do not get your question ?
no i hold for these, they should have remained within civic limits. .
. people tell us that people are crossing civic limits :
so for payments when one acts wrong, can we expect peace from affected one ?
not on the prophet peygamber. did he spread hatred ? which group did he lead ?
so why cartoons of the prophet muhammad peygamberfor sake of earning livelihood ?
. members of community always pay for (intentional) faults of their representatives
i really do not understand why people in europe think i am a amoron . '
trump brings a gun to a bomb fight
the people here in think he is a moron as well.
mt i really do not understand why people n europe think i am a moron …
except for the fact that the police guarding the place did have guns.
he is by far the sorriest sob who wears a wig
he is by far the sorriest sob. period.
a little a class and be a little more polite. but is outgoing form.
of course he does. because he is a rich dope !
gt considered a moron everywhere, not just in europe.
couple of go-arounds at cdg . unknown if weather related or any connection to shooting 5 km from airport
no flights landing more flying past, but a few takings off
think i might want to divert from cd.
the police has confirmed they are armed with ak-47 and a rpm.
reporting people being stopped going to an airport. must be this one.
the weather is not a problem for landing
the two killers have taken hostages near from cd. 5 choppers and sign are surrounding them.
three in a row have had go-arounds just now
static incident ongoing near airport
one of the 2 runways has been closed because was to close of the attack zone (dammary-en-goële)
‘ muslims do not believe in freedom of speech ’ – radical cleric chaudry
how the hell does this person with extremist view get so much airtime.
if he does not believe in freedom of speech then why is letting you interview him ?
arrest for violating the ! rt muslims tnt belief in freedom of speech ’ radical cleric chandra
then what the hell is he doing living in a democratic country ? of
yeah you know best.
why is today letting this moron represent mainstream muslims ? is it b is he is controversial ?
lying sob rt ‘ muslims do not believe in freedom of speech ’ – chandra
do not like your headline ! he does not speak for all muslims !
breaking : french government raises security alert to highest level after deadly attack at magazine charlie hebdo .
a sign that many people who appear outwardly and seen as human are likely to be animals within.
if it is in they will blame jonathan. ignorant fellows.
government raises security alert to the highest level after deadly attack at magazine charlie held.
attack . i have just been asked by aljazeera if charliehebdo journalists should apologize ( for making fun at islamists
there is a good reason innocent aljazeera staff have been targeted in egypt-it is their employers.
fuck that no never ! fuck the islamist, speak your mind stay firm france !
i hope your response was suitably pithy.
it s going to end up in tears ....
a disgraceful way to put it & amp ; shows the failure of multiculturalism.
just to confirm what everyone already knows about al jazeera
adding insult to injury. having colleagues murdered is not ' penance ' enough, apparently.
why do you even need to ask ?
is going to apologize for the jihads terrorist who massacre muslims & amp ; nonbelievers every day ?
did not you know really ?
you understand does not apply to foreign owned / controlled media ? imbecile
after this horror the idea that charlie held should apologize for speaking its mind is obscene.
you should have said the survivors or the dead ? “
are you stupid moron do you understand the 1st amendment ?
oh i i was just being sarcastic.
what a sick question hope you told him where to go.
is backing supremacist ?
of not. that question by aljazeera is disgusting
probably. they are based in qatar whose gov not funds terrorist groups around the world.
people gather for a minute is silence to remember the victims of the attack
cries every day. attacked by terrorists from israel. ur point being ?
' people gather for a minute is silence to remember victims of the attack '
sews a minute is silence to remember the victims of the charliehebdo attack
so true. its a shame they forget to mention this.
program will end terrorism from its roots for ever
live updates people gather to remember the victims of the attack
so much for terrorism not changing our lives
people gather to remember the victims of the attack
french media calling attack the worst attack in france in decades
actually it is the deadliest attack since 1835.
too bad the terrified camera person did not have an ar instead of a camera.
38 killed in today due to terrorist attack. any news ? no com they were muslims
freedom of speech for some.
media calling attack the worst attack in france in decades
we are talking terror attacks in peace time.
if not when if not this, what ???
not in the worst since the 19th century
you do not have to care. terrorist have no religion do not be islamophobia. peace v
reports coming out from paris say the policeman murdered on the pavement was ahmed merabet . a french muslim .
terrorists killing do not suggest that it is muslims killing muslims.
these people do not discriminate between muslims/christians/piccaninnies - they know only hatred/evil deeds ...
why still consider themselves religious ? read here :
i wonder if that fact will cause the killers any regret 😥
just shows how ridiculous these killings are - they murder their own
we have no evidence the killers are psychopaths, in fact research would suggest it is unlikely x
they take no prisoners and have no distinction if you are wearing a uniform
" some read the quran and blow up girls ’ schools , but more read the quran and build girls
they are .....
nobody reads the bible and then blows up girls ' schools !
she is defending who are not terrorists. there are christian terrorists as well.
getting control not so easy, as world as learned.
is the intent given, or is it under construction ?
so truly perception does not always present reality. former is perception about islam is surely misplaced.
if a drug this would not get approval. grandfathered in as traditional off script use.
to extract real essence of duran discourse analysis is required and this simple thing being ignored
a white blew up the federal building in ok that does not make all christians terrorists.
religious abuse twisting scriptures to justify evil. what if social media existed during kkk craziness ?
and thankfully the vast majority do not need to read anything to know building schools is a good idea
would you tweet the point ?
do you know every bad christian ?
the ones that build schools need to get control over the ones that blow up schools !
when are these good duran readers going to speak up publicly against these bad duran readers ?
incorrectly read the “ in the first instance
egyptian paper al masry al-youm has taken bold step of publishing some of charlie hebdo is controversial front covers :
some mg warriors should really remake that cartoon with cab instead.
none of is portrayals though.
all papers in the world should do precisely that, right away
to support or to incite ? amay refers to charliehebdo as the magazine that has repeatedly insulted our prophet
disposal of bold steps can not bring back outgoing.
is the true red line in egypt
there are laws against criticizing jews you know
media has lots of nutcases & amp ; others that freely express controversial opinions including army hawaii
not that and co would find anything objectionable about is stance on egypt ...
despite being vilified by all the progressives, egypt is showing us the way.
how edgy cartoons like these merely resemble what is already published in the egyptian press.
bold trying “ f ****** stupid “
. gotta hand it to those people because that is a really risky place to publish anything
just in | - shooters target muslim family in their car . escalating ..!
let me are the french police incompetent in protecting innocent people ?
luckily in no longer in paris now 😰
now all those monotheists do you really think muslims & amp ; xians believe in the same god ?
of they r only shooters not terrorists ...
shooters target family in car escalating.!
i normally do not do politics on here but totally shocked by the events of yesterday and heartened by the
i do not think you are doing politics now, just humanity arthur.
thank you. it means a lot to us to see the rest of the world care
no politics just humanity. thank you so much from france.
i have a lot of muslim friends and family and they are disgusted.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
thanks for being with us today, the more light the better mercy
thank you for the support, it means a lot for us !
and it is not only yesterday ... other events have happened today ...
no politics here you have expressed care for others - thank you
single finger raised by gunman looks like what isis fighters often do in battle . cc
people keep saying that but yet to show me data to back this claim !
in it is called tashahud, done by the second alma, but not by everyone/group/region.
there is no god but allah this is the right thing i guess
looks to be radical or no ?
you mean the news that have agendas ?
if you need data then you are deluded. these people are not civilized.
yet it is the wrong hand. significance of this ?
i m and never done this in my life so slowdown on your comment and analysis
not all are terrorists. but most terrorists are muslims.
common sense will tell you not all terrorist are muslims !
or by the way they are dressed ?
have you ever seen left hand used though ? i have not.
note the necessary corrections by air no2cc, sammy khakis & amp ; larry miller.
worth noting that it is a symbol of aphid that is widely employed. video is here :
not only even used in the saudi flag.
when i make claims i base it on facts not emotions like most people do !
the only agenda i see is to make europeans accept every other race and ideology.
yes
of course you do and no doubt backed up by mindless liberals with tinted specs.
flag has but no finger raised (d'be comical though)
single finger raised by right hand is used by all in prayer five times a day
i am right but wrong at the same time ?
you are right but all terrorists are muslim.
if you need evidence then you need read the news more often.
you are an irresponsible person.
not you obviously. it is good reporting. meant the attackers
ugh. media needs to report what they know. guessing achieves nothing.
based on shouting a few words ?
such gesture done when someone is watching or to a camera. i doubt it is the case.
i am afraid it certainly looks the case.
tell me this is not radical islamist !
wow what analysis sarcasm *
for those who , like me , wish christooher hitchens were here to comment , do read this : (
and that is putting it politely.
is this trolling or are you just a complete shit ?
this is a good read too. along the same lines, different tone.
lord you look like an idiot because you are one.
14 modern amp & amp ; re tweeted
what a greasy old piece of shit. good riddance low.
there was no need for that !!! what is wrong with you ???
big congratulations on your upcoming marriage ! you and your partner deserve all the happiness in the world xxix
... with whether he is right about the wrong of making sacrosanct the abhorrent views of others ?
. that is the mark of a great thinker. their writing applies to many situations.
that is pretty much a definition of ad nominee is not it ?
rip , a muslim police officer murdered trying to save , who mocked his faith .
its because the tweet said ' he mocked his faith '.
i can give you way more if need | all french major news websites
was on patrol in the neighborhood “
was riding his police bike and was just in the neighborhood, at the wrong moment.
well said a muslim police off murdered trying to save. ”
he was a what difference does it make if he was devoted or not ?
happiness to that beautiful baby !
member of the cycling team (...) patrolling in the area “
this still does not necessarily make him out to be devout or not.
what media has not been telling us ?
translated from patrolling on a bike “
gathering in support of at 6pm in trafalgar square , london . please share widely
mt gathering in support of at 6pm in trafalgar square, london. ”
let is stand together amp ; hold hands & amp ; fight for freedom & amp ; justice
i cannot be there but will be in thought. i have been horrendously shocked by this.
i can see conspiracy theorists re-spacing that slogan and finding a “ secret crusade “.
why th hell on earth must he be supported ?? for creating chaos ???
link closed if you’re not a friend, i think - can you tweet an open one ?
good idea held is such a great mag ...
thanks 4 cartoonists killed cab polanski igneous & amp ; chart + 8 defenders of freedom of expression
link is not working for me
i am. follow me and i will do my phone number !
hi i work for. are you attending this vigil ?
who gunmen & gt ; jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission lt ;
did this in a rush for before latest media maelstrom
clowns to but sadly millions of extremist idolize such fascist terrorists
good point. but if everyone was dead, who would they work for ?
like the style ... v beans
defender of by loosing our supporter
to whom said just in case you are confused .
am stating you are burping opinion. keep your personal issues to your self its embarrassing
so you know a lot about isis & amp ; book harm. are you among them ?
hydras are by work not by birth. study this muslims.
not considered a by terrorists
what a low life racist you are. i rest my case.
are not considered muslim by muslims.
you mean whole of pakistan is terrorist.
is not very happy with you and this post ...
girl what a savage !
that whole in your head is your problem, not mine.
grow some brain your head, its kinda cool
anything amp ; book harm ?
the one on the left is an
get your facts checked.
the world is in problem because of muslims.
we put men on the moon. you blow up children. god bless israel !
pervert plowed a girl ? seriously ?
brain of a terrorist. to view non-muslims as pairs.
free speech is the heart of western civilization and freedom . it must be defended to the death .
that tweet made sense. your twitter has been hacked
of long time a shadow of itself by people is thanks to
with freedom you can build bridges or burn humans - make the right choice.
so against hate speech but against muslims = free speech ?
busted shooting hoax smoking gun proof ! of … :
it is pick 1.
my free speech is non negotiable
although free speech can b hateful
times now is pillorying mani shankar iyer for ' backlash ' remark on . why spare kiran bedi is '
was accused in ’ s murder
is in fact the traitor, plus mentor to india is first terrorist gods
who says i support the argument by mani or iran ?! see my response to such arguments
i would instead point out that imperialism is violent towards free speech, free countries, too.
i did not argue backlash for pk ! on mani, iran etc see attached
by choosing to invoke backlash he has made it more difficult to speak of those contradictions.
sorry to disturb u but have not heard abusive words from u as u r using for sang hi
backlash may be undesirable in context but the emphasis on implicit contradictions is welcome
how can a person betray his fellow prisoners in exchange for his own personal freedom ? whose hero ?
free sex should not be bothered about all these things 😜
what was reaction at ? just remind u ur hypocrisy
his use of the ' backlash ' word in this context is where i disagree.
bed pro main slide to times now code hue main !
are you not a wanted criminal in naval strong hold states ?
you have free e you rape ?
read the complete tweets of first in that context. u know is natalie
charlie hebdo : norway didn’t give in to islamophobia , nor should france
check out his fancy dress too
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim
well said charlie held : norway didn’t give in to islamophobia, nor should france ”
the dude in was a white supremacist - this was a result of islamophobia not a potential cause
has also had issues relating to publication of satirical cartoons and religious zealots.
let them resist until they become part of is. uk next
racism in part 1 of 2 islamaphobia is a word to shut everyone up.
terrorism 101 how terrorism really works explained by a 10 year old.
a white mason killed all of those people in norway.
a good rt : : norway didn’t give in to, nor should france ”
a pile of pens at vigil in paris for victims .
rt a pile of pens at vigil in paris for victims. ”
powerful image rt a pile of pens at vigil in paris for victims. :
pathetic gullibility in the face of a two hoax
such a sad five la france !
a pile of pens at vigil in paris for victims. ” rip. so sad.
rt a pile of pens at vigil in paris for victims.
aux today a pile of pens at vigil in paris for victims. ”
' we must be aware that our best weapon is our unity . nothing must divide , oppose or separate
thank is for your support !
must stand together against violence
the whole world is united !!!
thank you for your support for kenya 😭 kisses from ffrance😘
thank it means a lot to us !
thank you for your support it makes the difference !
it is the here in paris, and in france. thanks
may love amp peace prevail
can you say hello to belorussians fans ? please ^^
agree the message the n whole world gave is and are more united !! é et e
this is why i do not give a shit💩how terrorist r interrogated❌
then you are the same as they are.
i am happy to suggest a long list of ways to interrogate terrorists.
do not think we are an easy target just because our president is a pussy !
i am with you & amp ; just for your information.
jet fuel melts steel beams ? (pentagon) who knew ??
i totally agree. attack us at your own peril.
they can water board within a breath of life as far as i am concerned
yesterday is peaceful is today is headlines
find the country that lets these scum stay and drop a nuke on them
i do not give a shit either. /11
that sure as hell is not my president. never will be, either.
this is why i do not give a shit how terrorist are interrogated !
you do not need to melt steel to weaken it, i am an engineer !
do not give a shit about water boarding or anything else !
if the constitution is then you should also be concerned for how the us conducts herself
they sure as hell do not care about our rights or lives !
if someone does not act within boundaries of civility, niceties are out !
what jihadists are saying about the deadly attack on french magazine charlie hebdo
they say things and we make them feel important by telling everyone what they have said. why ?
. show the cartoons. stand up for a free press. dont be your usual gutless network.
always a heartless piece of acts
what are saying about the deadly attack on french magazine charlie held
what are saying about magazine charlie held wajajajajaja ”
the can go fist themselves. bunch of impotent cowards.
do not give them an audience
are sub humans with absolutely no intelligence.
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
people like that should not exist
does not condone terrorism ! i am against all kinds of terrorism on humanity !
cartoonists are often our dearest allies in fight 4 freedom of expression , and freedom in general . we mourn
what is a religious sentiment “ and so decides what it is ?
and us cartoonists lose friends for being political.
is most famous cartoonist , 87 year old uderzo - father of asterix - comes out of retirement for .
he is so whack maybe he should stay in retirement
i too am a charlie “. i used google translate.
my favorite cartoon aster ix.
have introduced male to aster ix - he loves him too
thanks i do not trust google translate low
wow good for him ! always love aster ix.
now is split in semi countries
every boy loves aster ix ! better than a history lesson.
bravo ... you are the best ... we have missed you.
me i am is what it means.
it is. a childhood favorite.
and then you get people like this
fair fucking play nice touch !
the assassinations suggest that anyone who has offended or challenged is now at potential risk of being murdered
politically correct stunted driven reflects your dwarf withered mind
we peter. but what do you think about that ?
yes. they can. its easy !
several groups have stated that gang violence rises due to gangsta rap too.
peter. what you wrote is true of critics of islam in general
he would have no problem with songs about killing homophones. i guarantee it.
placard was at rally against islamist fanatics, not against muslims in general
i am flattered by your offer, but you are not my type. sorry mate.
in bigoted harassed peter for gay rights walk.
has also persistently campaigned to ban homophobic reggae music.
rights groups confirm rise in anti-gay attacks after release of ' kill gays ' songs
. still waiting for your reply. you support the murderers ' action, yes or no ?
not peter - your choice of words highlights part of the cause
under v. the mere advocacy of violence is free speech.
the truth is not - and the journey to it should be encouraged
i it is only incitement when a satirist or non-lefty says it, right ?
direct incitement would be the us standard of imminent lawless action.
. did tell mama report ?
that vile cartoon was grossly offensive.
i know hence the
call for death to gays way more than any nazis do.
kill cartoonists blame islam - islamaphobic
is that why you say islamism rather than simply islam ? fear of murder ?
amp they hate gays too !!!
speaking of 1st amendment protects right to preach jihad.
why not do cartoons offend you ?
thank you. i do my bit, as do many others. best wishes
and if our and others speak with truth and honesty then .... & gt ;
i agree that it is winning - appeasement is an example - but there are signs such as etc
including turkey and n -
people like never consider that censorship they advocate could be used against them.
freedom of speech is not outcome-dependent. speech can not make people do anything.
if social media posts harass or threaten violence against muslims, they should be removed. they are crimes
peter sticks his head above the parapet in public. he is a very brave man.
only you will know but i suspect your liberalism trumps your honesty
bible amp call for death to gays. should we ban them ?
encouraging the prosecution of music for “ inciting violence “ is a very dangerous slippery slope.
no in for first time in 2,000 yrs - jewish and christian populations declining throughout region
peter supports final mutual. tell mama, faith matters - and their dodgy blasphemy doublespeak.
i have been campaigning against islamism for 20 years. i never saw my critics challenge qaradawi etc
but question is how long this inhuman act will go on and we all will be tolerating.
we’ve known that for peter, surely.
please email me examples with links. thanks
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
let peter declare ' nazis ' in cairo. test tolerance.
sad thing in general would condemn u for being gay
you are using the same logic as people who blame heavy metal and hip-hop for murder.
terror is and will win, in my view.
bigots hide behind their 2justify their hatred
. said he is not against muslims in general.
. why do you hate freedom of speech ?
you can challenge and debate but you can not be grossly offensive like the paper
and its only now that you are realizing this ??
if someone thinks gays should die, i want them ...
if reggae can incite violence “, then so can just about any gangsta rap song.
did not you also campaign for p.i.e ?...
welcome to the real world mitchell !
... to make those views known so the public knows who to avoid.
much of that is old. has changed considerably in the last year.
exactly. we need to know who the enemy is.
they shouted and the prophet has been avenged - seems you are playing smoke and mirrors
what do you mean now “ ? it was and is ever thus
they are different. is a religion. islamism is a political ideology that wants a religious dictatorship
cartoons are said to cause violence too. argument can be used to censor anything.
how can a cartoon offend “ an adult ?
hoping every newspaper in the world publishes 1 of those cartoons on their front page tomorrow.
i can think of numerous songs that directly encourage the killing of cops.
possible their attempts to slander and vilify have proven inadequate -
satire is not hatred. learn the difference !
. you sound like you support the murderers actions.
well haters gonna get hate. oh and fuck you !
advocating violence is a serious criminal offense in the uk and most countries.
absurdly , i am told this is not time to talk about reforming muslim attitudes to " blasphemy " .
answer my question. have you been anywhere in nigeria apart from ikoyi ? ignorant buffoon
speaking out in support of satire is something that should be spoken about when satirists are killed by all
when toy island happened you were busy telling everyone it was definitely “ western civilization “ ? hypocrit.
what pray tell i am listening
i grew up in work in ikoyi. so what ?
kill everyone for their cause. isis also kills muslims. that is what allah commanded.
that poorhouse is nice hotel. over priced though.
you are obviously more illiterate than i thought. got to love these folk
ever been to i have.
for someone big on rationality you do seem to be beholden to your cognitive reactions.
no but your questions are those of someone who has not read anything of note past highchair
this is the kind of attitude from you that moderate democracy loving muslims like do not understand
i doubt you have the time to consider the state of post biafran nigeria.
read it duh clearly give account they were islamist shout god is great in arabic
have you done any science. or social science ? i am assuming you are a graduate
is the intellectual home of sociology. how about we actually apply some ?
yeah. well i used to chill on ikoyi. aand you son should pay more attention on class
allegedly one of the policemen confronting them was also muslim. what does that do for your narrative ?
here ya go read on bbc
or are you in favor of weaponising grief ?
you say they as if it is one set of dudes in bond lair somewhere.
fascism is nothing fascists existed throughout history, religion is the best tool
no speculation. they shouted allah akbar “. the uncensored videos are here :
modern did you forget the dark ages ?
planet fear of criticizing islam. or, put differently, planet dhimmitude.
how can you still doubt that ? this is fucking incredible
they are if worshiping pagans man
they are a modern phenomenon. part of the reaction to modernity.
what about he killed muslims for apostasy and called moderate muslims hypocrites.
fallacious. speaking out against murder is not the same as attributing self serving narratives.
you seem to have bought knowledge from the traffic jam book sellers. go away dude.
not you wish to go after muslims. you nick kind of gives it away.
that mister is not speculation. its fact.
you are just trying to procrastinate the inevitable. it is the humiliation that is gonna hit the apologists
what has the delta militants got to do with book harm. diverging eh ?
and they were and ?
what about the insurgents in the delta ?
buddy. do not educate me on history when you are unaware of the epistemology of current movements
the apologists will blame this either on jews or on american foreign policy and drones
have you heard of the jidda wars ?
when rifting still called them germans. why so hard to say jihads are muslim
even if u were serious conversing on twitter about narratives, social construction and identity is not possible
is a modern phenomenon though as is the revisionism of some of these groups
or in the vernacular do one.
i wish to go after the underlying cause aka the depiction of muhammad etc as justification to kill
and this is why i do not take self-declared free thinkers and “ rationalists “ seriously
we have bigger priorities. a rocket scientist wore a shirt that is an outrage.
insurgencies fueled by different undertones. big difference
which version of the is that in ? are you repeating the stuff off answering islam ?
its a new report. so ?
goat i am in tell me what i do not know
ever heard of book harm ? they are muslims who kill muslims
do not be an idiot.
fascism is early 20th c political movement
considering the state of book harm have many factors to them.
now you are just using hyperbole & amp ; rhetoric
do not like it block. add something useful or be silent
its a revisionist movement to some extent. began late 19th and early 2pth century
hackers supporting isis hacking french websites and putting up anti-charlie hebdo messages
and achieved what by this ?
should we all feeds with gay pron and images of muhammad ?
nothing about this humorous. you seem to be missing that point
defacing a website is not terrorism and does not kill anyone. it is just damn annoying.
i am talking about tracing back the source of computer hacking attributed to isis, not terrorism.
' apparently ' is an important caution when assessing such claims
that is a fucking fake tv show ... what are you saying ?!
as they say on who is got the best kung-fu ?
it does sound amusing to try to out-hack a hacker who has been supporting murderous ideology.
your priorities are righteous. you win lisa. have a good day
how do we know this was not done by to link palestinian legitimate resistance with terrorism ?
amusing people are dead. this is not a game
we are not afraid .
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
it is not banks picture ...
it is not banks. for a start, it is quite good.
it is work of check your resources !!
this year in paris mobs attacked synagogues , synagogues have repeatedly been shot at , there have been anti-semitic rapes
one of these is freedom of expression the other had to be retracted
one of these is freedom of expression the other had to be retracted
and also some irresponsible everyone] cry-wolf fiction ?
and yet there are still peopled out there who will continue the sentence with “ but ... “
reports : armed man takes multiple hostages in paris kosher grocery store , swat teams on scene
this is not about money it is a direct attack on the jews.
two days ago saudi arabia denounced the attack . today it flogged for expressing opinions .
what did he say ? what kind of insult ??
must speak not just offer up “ truth “ -du-jour like waiters in cafes.
i am pointing to other hypocrisies
is are the biggest hypocrites here.
foe is a relative term and a fiction of convenience
how come he is being flogged ? would not make fun of islam count as ride ?
because they could not make a “ jidda “ charge stick, because he still identifies as muslim.
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
do not forget to be glib and disingenuous, because twitter.
amnesty still has problems favoring people over state-sponsored religious bigotry.
do not forget they are training the syrian “ moderate “ rebels
see my tweet appealing for signing petition rail malawi.
and does or care ... i did not think so.
smoke seen coming from building where charlie hebdo attack suspects located . watch live :
there is a lot of paper. maybe they wanna burn the place down.
please enjoy this culturally , ethnically , religiously , and politically correct cartoon responsibly
religion will die soon. logic will make sure of that.
sad cartoon but better than to insult a religion.
no nor or afd-good of terrorism we need a common
u drew now ... now they have to bomb u.
not any religion. islam is more than religion. evil.
if your argument involves silencing critics by murdering them , then you have irretrievably lost the argument .
what kind of critics how do you define critic and insult ?
degrading is not the argument !
very well said ..... x
and the us drone attackers etc ? (who also murder their critics) not that simple
evil rears its head again , but cartoonists will not cower . my toon :
it was a fraud. wake up !
rt evil rears its head again but cartoonists will not cower my too
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
hi would like to invite you to share your artwork on our image gallery.
kudos to google for donating € 250,000 to help charlie hebdo publish next week
if stupidity is not to win, those who knows open a fund rising account named to charlie held
french fashion unites again terror :
fashion unites again terror :
really very bad news what was done in paris.
fashion unites again terror : ”
fashion unites again terror : ”
what we know about the suspected gunmen :
they killed a policeman. makes no sense to tie the two.
always looking to blame the us for everything. it is like a mental illness these days.
no just stating a fact.
what we know about the suspected gunmen :
very interesting. what we know about the suspected gunmen : ”
we know that their actions have nothing to do with islam because the french president told us.
also led to radicalism by the treatment of prisoners in. america are not innocent here.
hey speak for buddy !
did not amp ; biden claim that al-qaeda was dead ? were they lying ?
11 is the chimney day ! we dream of a world without unfair dismissal.
like this summary for breaking news stories when much speculation swirling in addition to facts.
what we do and do not know about the aftermath of the charlie hebdo shooting
there goes in frames of islamic confrontation ! wake up europe !
what we do and do not know about the aftermath of the charlie held shooting ”
what can the world does to 1billion muslim followers.
come on. this is really suspicious or not.
what we do and do not know about the aftermath of the charlie held shooting ”
since you love satire so much, what do you think about this one ?
i would rather read about what does not know.
rt what we do and do not know about the aftermath of the charlie held shooting
what we do know is the terror will continue until the world does ' something about radical islam.
they all waiting of nuke ...
rt what we do and do not know about the aftermath of the charlie held shooting
what you are suggesting do not be silly. please.
the prophet pbuh never killed anyone for blasphemy . there is no justification is for murders . trend
so is it to do so ??????????????
the statement says they attacked because cartoons of baghdad were published not our holy prophet
a sensitive topic under debate
you should have been after ch hate speech like you are after this all masked mullah.
your statement is factually incorrect.
just done arguing with so called educated guy on my status where he was defending charlie killings
these cartoons are poignant tributes to victims of the charlie hebdo attack
to those who died for freedom of expression @ the hands of extremist scum.
very well said. we shall persevere.
cartoons are poignant tributes to victims of the paris attack ” this one is my fave.
your tweet is now featured on my * bump it *
is this what did the model say “ ?
but it reflects truth
this one is more realistic just guess who is benefiting from it
freedom of expression is the cause of hatred is a form of terrorism because terrorists spawned unnecessary.
one day there will be nothing left to cut ((
charlie hebdo : appears that charlie hebdo suspects have been killed – live updates
damn rt held : appears that charlie held suspects have been killed – live updates
bravo to the police !
held appears that charlie held suspects have been killed ! “ finally🙈
the best cartoon yet about the .
the best cartoon yet about the. ”
the best cartoon yet about the. ”
the best cartoon yet about the. ”
salman rushdie : “ respect for religion ” has become a code phrase meaning “ fear of religion . ”
that fits. most religions seem to conflate love for god with fear of him.
not just one religion which ironically calls itself peaceful
wonderfully put. sums up a universal truth in very few words.
pissed off today and not pulling punches, so fuck religion and all those conned by it.
charlie hebdo : this map pinpoints the four key locations in the dual sieges – live updates
dear misspelling of ch in point 4.
map pinpoints four key locations in dual sieges – live updates
held this map pinpoints the four key locations in the dual sieges ”
held this map pinpoints the four key locations in the dual sieges ”
parisians gather under rain by notre dame to mourn killings
your tweet takes center stage on
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
french police release pic of two suspects from thursday shooting of officer as hostage situation unfolds in paris :
death to murders and predators on innocence
keep me posted i only have
they do not really look like muslims
origin woman and mali man, french nationals
islam is not religion of peace✌️it is theory of conquest that seeks domination by any means-ali
does not sound like you guys are in touch with reality much
o. will not let that happen
you must cot the wright source like obama said so, benjamin nitniyahu, david cameroon. etc.
even then comparing the 2 are mid-evil the muslims committed more atrocities than the christians did
speaking of air gt ;
have u read the'an and the haddiths ?
enjoy your delusions.
you just contradicted my point is islam is not bad bc of a group of extremists.
also kick out the united nations
if u have not u shut b4 making assumptions & amp ; comparing apples & amp ; oranges
my other point is that islam is not peaceful, proof is in their own text
most peaceful text were abrogated by later revelations
are you sure about that or is that what you want to believe
sell the property in nyc to donald trump for $1. 00 develop into something useful.
i if you will
still less live in west. it will not change anything
someone pass a note letting him know islam is not peaceful
so u shut compare relevant examples cut in the 7th century mohammad did claim islam was peaceful
if this cartoon is why staff have been shot at , all publications should show solidarity and republish
should resort to a counter insult, a burning effigy of atheists perhaps.
lets wait to see exactly which cartoon was so offensive to these people, then valise it
' he will man ! ther will be none left in the print !
doubt it was this. published too soon for such a well coordinated raid to be planned.
i thought exactly the same. spread it !
i believe that it is because of this one
this was only posted shortly after shooting began
i can’t believe that whoever’s responsible would do it in response for that … it’s so innocuous
if only others were as exacting with their words as you, john !
hence the word if “ in tweet
they will probably do the opposite
how many more before we wake up ?
he drew first , by
rt he drew first, by ”
rt in a nutshell : he drew first, by ”
... not particularly funny but, perhaps, it shall make up a point ...
it is always
location of the supermarket where a gunman has taken hostages
a map of the recent attacks in, including the developing hostage situation via
and you yourself developed countries !! what a shame !! 3 days !!!
a gunman you mean only one gunman is engaging this hostage-taking ?
a kosher supermarket. tell me that was not planned ?
v nice map people should do more vistas less overheads
" female islamist terrorist " attacks paris jewish store . as a woman , she has equal rights only when
wonder what she will get when she gets to paradise ? 72 pubescent boys ?
equal opportunity jihad. all all sexes as long as no homo.
. cry aloud for right of freedom of speech you jewish swine.
i am reminded of the words of ...
everyone says they are the ones offended.
not everyone. when i am the one offended, i fuck off.
i join mass posting of cartoons in solidarity with . we will not be intimidated .
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
iii posting of cartoons in solidarity with "“
now we know what brainy from hey arnold went on to do. fuck you helga !
well done so brave of you to publish what most dare not.
. people are killed for satirizing religion with cartoons & amp ; you wonder why post one ?
why u posting that then ? incitment ? provacation ?
none of the gay i know would be seen dead ... i will leave that one.
" there are no jokes in islam . " -ayatollah khomeini " every joke is a tiny revolution . "
. they are the joke.
i am sewed sick of these bastards
at least on the right page.
a poignant epitaph. thank you.
according to is the grumpy cat of religions ?
no jokes in no truth in media
religion is a mental illness. logic will cure it
if true that the magazine attackers met their fates at a printing shop ... well ... then the rest of
i am trying not to giggle at the irony but it is really hard not to.
only one situation was. other was in north east print warehouse.
irony with a capital i !
proof that god has a sense of humor when it comes doing evil in his name. lol
got it 2 incidents. but not necessarily “ separate “ swim ?
she was 27 and had started her internship a few weeks before
that is a separate incident. there are 2
the is mightier than the sword/gun
they printed signs not the press. but still …
the supermarket is for the suspect from a different shooting, the killing of a black policewoman yesterday
it is true. the first cop was a muscleman.
i hope that is the cover.
were there not two different locations ? a printing factory and a supermarket ?
not sure but i think it was at a kosher market outside of paris
dead alleged gunmen can not talk, can they.
yep they can not be water boarded or subjected to other cia/french ' interrogation'!
you win tweet of the year. 🌟
" i strongly condemn the horrific shooting at the offices of charlie hebdo magazine in paris " — president obama
u not out of place when u in your own hood., period ...
did you mean ? if so, what is weak is your grammar
says who the embarrassing left ? lmao !!!!! no wonder you are bottom class
but rayon martin and brown get live statements ?
and while i wait for the 2nd answer that wont be accurate. who did eric garner provoke ?
i do not want attention !! ” i can not tell ...
facts say otherwise ... real facts.
that was a weak wonder if he actually said that or an aid tweeted it.
maybe should have kept on driving ... shrugs.
i do not want attention !!
everything is not about black people you ignorant fuck
and his visit to the embassy today too ?
i was referring to the written statement, not the investigation.
why is it that you as a black man take issue with accepting the consequences of your actions ?
who did rayon provoke ?
ha fat comma is the only hoe
mike brown provoked the store owner and the cop he tried to kill.
... sh (lost soul)
have u released a statement ...?? smh
martin attacked that is a fact that anyone who paid attention knows.
.... ... lost frontal lobe ... aka : liberal
. perpetuating myths about what obama said to support the secret muslim myth, how original
... ferguson though
yea keep driving and ignore the guy acting suspicious who was on drugs and out of place.
differently. you try to turn it into a race issue which just makes you the racist.
like said. you do not care about black lives. you just hate white people
as late as this guy is, he is probably just now flying to surgeon to protest.
really you want to call me out on a fat finger from a cell phone ?
accurate there is concrete evidence that answers both of your questions !
otherwise you are gonna end up in a body bag for thinking you are badder than you really are
they absolutely did provoke. what world does this dip shit live in ?
the 911 operator told him not to ... check the facts.
wrong. try again. speech.
given that you rewrite facts that seems to make sense.
if you attack a man with a gun you are a dumb ass. period.
try again. he gives a list of ppm, incl christians, that should not be discriminated against
who the hell is rayon martin ? maybe he should not have slammed a guys head into concrete ?
garner did not provoke. mike brown sure as hell did
police did not tell him not to. see ... facts buddy. they are important.
even when the police tells u not to ... u follow anyway ... low ...
and while i wait for the first answer that will never come ... who did mike brown provoke ?
why would he fund ... oh never mind ... u us want attention ...
maybe it was gossip or sandra rose ? class a journalism there ! lmao !!!!
extremist love they are suffering from liberals like you ...
wonder why you are so busy sucking in everything that sniveling lowlife said ? even obvious lies.
yeah i really believe that, more than likely you funded them
breaking : terror suspects killed in police raid , hostage freed , reports
shall they burn in hell !! shall they burn in hell !!
if this is true that is a good op for the french. perps dead and hostage alive.
breaking terror suspects killed in police raid, hostage freed, reports ”
in paris on the eve of the jewish sabbath women and children are taken hostage in kosher grocery store .
no doubt the card will be played again.
every in after the sermons of peace the muslims seem pretty riled up
hate all infidels ... actually everyone (most of all they despise themselves)
hate everybody who is not an islamic terrorist
it is a cost neighborhood ... 3rd reason to hate
perhaps will be able to find a new “ explanation “ to these events
they hate all the west !!! no diff what nationality or faith you follow
the tells they cannot rule the world until the jews have been slaughtered !!
the last hour would not come unless the muslims
why has daily telegraph pixelated this charlie hebdo cover ? shameful
will other papers do same ? mt : why has pix elated this cover ? shameful
you will notice that perhaps surprisingly the guardian has shown solidarity and published a picture of the mag cover
who else even dared to show it ?
they moderated a remark about suffers as well. the establishment thinks ignoring things makes social solutions.
i am not but is not it the law in the uk ?
pathetic cowards. apologists for terror. soon to be united caliphate instead of united kingdom
because they are afraid. this is the real islamophobia.
if the press in had any balls they would all print it large on front page
i presume they are scared of the bully.
fear ... the freedom is not for us is only for them ...
. real solidarity there
is a calculated ruse made to evoke anti-islamic hate from ' freedom-of-speech ' rwnj extremists
amp the numbers r leaning very left & amp ; silent
flags at half mast in whitehall and downing street
treason for carrying jihad flag ! ban this arrest people whom carry it ! deport repeat offenders !!!
powerful messages being sent there. any police coming off twitter patrol for a while ?
great. but will they actually do something to reform immigration policy ? deportations ? doubt it ...
thank you. flags at half mast in whitehall and downing street ”
were the flags at for the 17 journalists murdered by israel in its attack on last summer ?
morn with protest no journalist rhere2 stay.
as we watch the horror of the terror attacks in paris , consider this : our president continues to release
thought you were going to say ferguson. there is a common thread.
better a thousand journalists die than one terrorist get water on his face ... or something.
our president does not get it, for that matter neither does the legislature. ban islam from u.s.
and what is he sgt ; muslim !!!!
actually they are legal detainees but needed to release my brethren to cause havoc upon the world
would be horrible if it was one of the released/reformed prisoners.
is waiting for them with open arms and a neck to die for !
yes that is what u r !
he is really supporting the wrong side, huh ?
you r so wrong i can not even laugh. damn u stopped me from laughing !
and this , if you are not saturated :
a perspective i wholeheartedly support and is completely right.
so showing compassion to these people means i feel none for others ? grow up.
... and even if you are.
i would say some over saturation is warranted.
i do not think i could be saturated i am so fucking annoyed.
as a muslim , i condemn the cruel attack on & amp ; offer condolences to the french people .
you have no idea about how good it is to read statements like yours !
like i said in the end all of us will be judge
i think you are very wrong.
yeah right what they filled pockets with oil and went home ? idiot !
why did all the white british people apologized for their murderous 400 yrs occupation of india ??
r lot of 72 sects to b specific.
fed up ... stop !
but are there different islams “ ? or is it all one ?
look why do you care huh this is our belief as islams why do you care huh
day we trying to help themselves by looting oil for their consumerist countrymen.
be false flag operation like 911 2 attack muslim lands+character assassinate islam+muslims 4 oil+israel
i am justifying action at painting1. 6 in wit d same brush is oversimplification n moronic
they were trying to help ? trying to free women from oppression. and a murderous regime.
that can is we should not conclude before investigation,
good way of getting over the 140 character limit ! 2 pages of my own here .....
why do you we never bother with any of your belief publicly but you bother us.
i die as and i will always hold strong and pure as an islams
i did not feel obliged to say. i just wanted to say.
good. if only all could ignore vast passages of their own book like yourself
n those bad ones will be judged in the end
i would have a huge impact on the moderates, this action would change them.
yeah u r right guru. keep hating. dat would give u lot of inner peace.
because you conveniently reject the violence in islamic scripture. these men do not.
you now nothing about the prophet himself so shut up
alright. so did all d yankees apologized for their 10 yrs murderous war in iraq or afghanistan ?
was a killer and a pedro as are his followers. cult of evil !!!!
at its core is evil violent and encourages pedro behavior. u know that ! pure evil
i am only here to tell you not to fight back n start a war
a brief history of charlie hebdo , the satirical magazine at the centre of today is terror attack in paris
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
had along history of anti israel coverage too
fight intimidation with controversy mt : a brief history of ...
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
mad respect for this girl in the ruins of aleppo , syria holding up a sign .
i am awed and moved by her courage.
not cool. people are still suffering. have some sympathy and some sensitivity.
rt mad respect for girl in ruins of aleppo, syria holding a sign.
for f does it matter ? really ?
where did you find this ?
. it is cartoon humor. do not kill me, please. are you muslim.
i think her behavior is right. rt it is journalist
she knew she had to cover her face.
. her life matters if its put at risk by some cynical journalist
gotta give that courageous woman her props. peace and love to her.
that oil-hungry with its murderous foreign policy .
u can question but can not insult it. there is a line u should not cross.
okay. has no superstition ?
does justify this killing ?
one more why are men allowed to marry 4 women ?
just b human nothing else.
how dare you call me “ human being like me “
bro u got the wrong guy .... low
stone i am afraid you totally missed this gentleman is point
you can choose to answer what u want, but u will b asked of this certainly.
so they should be killed ?
u should change name to vile pig, before u r nailed for mistaken identity.
but why are not women given the same privilege ? why are men allowed in the first place ?
oh you would not now here is someone who would not stand up to tyranny ...
blasphemy amp apostasy are grave crimes & amp ; they deserve serious punishments
i would if u do not insult them (nazis) .
but can you please answer me ? i do not want to burn in hell.
what is a vocal ex-muslim atheist we need many more like him
you handled that with more grace than i could have. bravo to you.
then follow u feel is better.
indeed i am a muslim hence privileged.
but why should my 1st wife take responsibility if 3 other wives children either ?
he is not defending islam
we are allowed to insult nazism but not islam ? no special privileges !
that is what they deserve.
. what part of he’s an atheist ” are you struggling with ?
if you insult me and i punch you, who is to blame ?
are you for real it is not an insult.
. nobody was killed until they insulted our faith.
but do not you ask such a question to people who told you to follow allah ?
someone clearly does not follow you.
you are an utter part of a separate problem we need to eradicate.
. we must reprint his work ( yes his work - the main cartoonist ) . bbc spits on the
that was an insult sweetheart. and islam is against terrorist act.
yes. faith is a thought. these were human beings, slaughtered for an idea.
not often i agree with you but on this i will
the is a farce now, they are just covering their own backsides hoping their charter gets renewed
such bullshits invoke u can not stop it, u do not he right to condemn killing.
seems like magazine do not have anything creative or some good content to come up with
tip 1 to get easy building & amp ; - draw cartoons !
how about who do same to ur faith. is the justified. ?
its not an idea. it was an insult. and by no means we support terrorist activities.
do you support ' blacking up ' ? would you do it ?
updated : here’s what we know about the gunmen behind the charlie hebdo attack
the two wanted men are suspects who have not been charged. just saying.
how do we know this much about them ? are these mugshots ?
i wonder how many of the people criticizing charlie hebdo is free speech this week defended franco & amp ;
i suspect that number is lower than it should be sadly.
the diagram is two congruent circles.
freedom of speech is one thing to incite a barbarian is another.
and how many the video before benghazi ???
this cartoon by robert mankoff from the new yorker sept 2012 .
. i was not contesting that. it was the reference to political correctness i was questioning.
as a white person i feel deeply offended by this cartoon !
not sure i understand the question ?
sorry you do not seem to get the point of ' cartoon
i think the notion that thoughts can be made unthinkable by modifying language is lacking in credibility
that is a euphemism. completely different thing.
so new speak is dodgy ?
they appear to have been concerned about being insulted. i take your point, however.
can you explain why i should not be ?
you misunderstand this terrible murder apparently happened because people can not face satire.
as a smear is how the right attacks human rights & amp ; equality. similar to.
. you have lost me there i am afraid.
this cartoon by robert mankoff from the new worker sept 2012. ”
there is everything wrong with being pc, it is brainwashing of the worst kind.
why is that an accident ?
the problem is you can be proud of who you are unless you are a straight white man
satire is truly dead. did they even look at the cartoon.
you disgust me. how can this be your priority when people are dying over a cartoon !
then i stand with orwell on that then.
i appreciate your apology it is sometimes hard to recognize satire
tried you appear to be impervious.
there is that word again “ offended “ again, do you use it to describe everything ?
two completely different kinds of euphemism, i think you mean.
why is it so white ? seems racist.
. nice. are you opposed to religious freedom then ?
i drew you a picture. correct text together with.
why are you attacking the inuit way of life like this !?!?!! * runs out of exclamation marks *
political satire is one of the greatest forms of freedom of expression in a free press.
how can the survival of your people by your priority ?! you monster !
i can ejaculate amp ; tan (simultaneously if i wish)
oh i am sorry i thought you were capable of an adult discussion, my bad.
i am sorry if you still do not get it.
i hope you see my earlier posting about in a different light as what it was : satire
be proud of who you are
being politically correct is to pretend to live in a world that does not should focus on url ?
everyone is gender and ethnicity is an accident. did you decide to be a white man ?
yes i was replying to. satire appreciated.
probably they did not but hopefully satire is not dead
my mistake and sincere apologies jews
so pa accidentally fell over on yer ma and u sprog out ?
i am a muslim . and i assure you that we are not terrorists as u think we are .
but moving to soon
its sad when people think we are all the same 😪
are special. and you are special.
not all of us think all muslims are terrorists 😊
i love this account so much
mg in like a minute it had 106 its wow u win hahn
we do not need to tell every time what were not, what is wrong
four of france is most revered cartoonists among those killed in massacre
so think about that one for a second.
4 of is most revered cartoonists among dead in massacre ”
mock everything. grow a thick skin. ideologies do not have feelings
rip we should take this as an attack on all free-thinkers
truly brave unlike the “ journos “ of etc
all of this over a fucking cartoon. this is heart breaking.
20,000 investigated for social media comments in uk, in canada jail for criticism :
never condone murder of any kind but those stupid journalists overstepped the mark for sure.
four revered cartoonists among those killed in massacre ”
terrible tragedy. over art cartoonists killed massacre
we are observing a minute is silence today at 11am . if you support press freedom please share & amp
if you support press print the muhammad cartoons.
pen is mightier than the sword - joining my colleagues to support press freedom
freedom of expression it was racist
but can you write all over the wallpaper with a sword ? i think not !
is this your little boy ? congratulations x
great stance and gorgeous baby 💖
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
we strongly condemn the horrible shooting at . we must all stand up for freedom of speech and expression .
same need some sleep now.
as many as i need to. how many times are you gonna mention this non-existent soul ?
i know a lot already from this conversation, but what prevents you of stopping ?
you are still the only one calling what they did “ bullying “
so should a bully have a right to bully his class mate, because of ?
sure i but also a philosopher. it was poorly expressed earlier.
and according to the yes.
when you learn to use these in practice, you will enjoy your life more.
there is no business and there are no classes.
gt but it is ok, we now know you have double standards.
unless ask and are belief systems, i do not see the comparison.
stop with the condescending bull shit. you know nothing of me or what i enjoy.
it no doubt about that, and do not worry my little friend
gagged and are two different things. again and still.
i do not see the point in your faulty “ school ground bullying “ analogy.
i just point them out, do not go shooting people.
but will have to pay it for society, and anyway for his/hers maker and.
he is much worse than a douche bag.
that is for the umpteenth time, it is a b-a-d a-n-a-l-o-g-y
maybe which is stupid, from.
well that is your and your still in far minority with that “ belief “.
then your answer was absurd.
was a pedophile. says so in the duran. “ did nothing wrong “ hahn
only one i have seen so far.
so the law is stupid ? should it be replaced with sharia ?
you forgot the concept sincerity “. must be difficult.
why would i be that interested what the bible says ?
yes i see the repetition. unfortunately for you, the law agrees with me. thankfully.
i can use water for them.
everyones beliefs and the main religions central path, are again those famous
that is not that is wrong, and can be ridiculed.
have could i prove you that love, other emotions or for example mind exists ?
discriminate do you mean cherry pick ?
we will end up with this.
and once saying about an issue, or meaningfully insulting about something, are different things.
how many times you want to repeat that low-level belief of yours ?
there is nothing to understand. just unsubstantiated claims.
that is again your can you see there is starting to be repetition pattern here ?
it was still completely tasteless and stupid. now they are dead.
so we can bully our class mates now ?
not to me. like i said, people deserve respect, ideas do not.
the limits are set by the common sense of the wise.
so what is the con then ???
did i say they did ?
but the was not written by, if you can recall a bit backwards.
another general knowledge tidbit “. i am starting to enjoy them.
there are scales and limits. crossed many, but of course does not justify killings.
and who is the one deciding what is offense and what freedom if speech, you ?
if it truly was a would not their extremists be extremely peaceful ?
but for someone to whom nothing is sacred, this might be too difficult to understand.
did not did not write.
no one should be silenced in case they might hurt someones “ important sacred “ thingies.
i understood perfectly. thanks.
i know. but does not make much difference which profession/religion he/she has in this case.
disrespect of an a belief. there is a huge difference with disrespecting humans.
prove to me a soul exists. gibberish.
you must be good. now there is some sarcasm for you
so that is common sense “ as you define it. riiiiight
you mean people like this ?
sure. on the other i am also right.
so do not ridicule ridicule bible.
you are the only one claiming the cartoons were “ bullying “. they are not.
you are confusing freedom of speech with freedom to offend what to others is inviolable or sacrosanct.
so if a bully bullies also others, anyone should not feel offended ?
nothing sacred to but you fail to understand, that lots of sacred to some others.
never said they are. people deserve to respect. myths, fables and imaginary beings do not.
really i am the only one ?
there should be limits to things, but not free speech.
in the civilized world can you show me some statistics ?
i disagree. and thank so does most of the civilized world.
these things are international and crossing borders anyway. they are actually, but let is stick to earth
do not hence the word “ if “.
is this soul business something they tell you in these “ spirit “ classes ?
first one i have talked to. why the sarcasm ? it makes you look weak.
and what it came to some of the worst ones : extremely insulting and obscenely ugly.
of who would blindly accept anything, especially dogmas.
so you are a comedian.
rudeness is weak mans imitation of strength.
there is no point in your bully nonsense. it is a bad analogy. you bully.
if they had been satirizing only islam/muslims, i would kinda see your point.
thinking is no means of knowing the absolute truth “
in this case because of. holy war actually means war against the enemies of ones.
but these artists “ at, did much worse things without any taste or limits.
why you are asking ?
aggression problem that is quite an understatement, but yes, yes there is.
there is probably leafs or someones shirt nearby for help.
did i ever it would give ? are you focusing at all, or maybe drunk ?
i wonder who is doing this and if the people in the market drew a picture ?
no i did you just will not get it.
you should stop with this analogy. it makes no sense.
not many good though some nice guidelines if one can discriminate.
no it does it is a “ freedom of speech “, according to -people.
i in my next tweet. besides i am still laughing at this gem
but will you be able to answer this, or ?
he unfortunately. bullying should not be accepted in the name of freedom of speech.
repeating myself you keep bringing up this non-existent “ soul “.
i you do not want to disrespect my beliefs do you ?
gt should not be considered “ sacred “ anymore.
some douches bag might have laughed, does not make the pictures right then again.
you are confusing freedom of speech with freedom to offend
show me a law that says they crossed a limit.
but it is wrong. why would it ought to be ?
bed time for me. will return. bye for now.
i will finish with these quotes from the very smart have a good one.
if the actions of the cartoonists were lawful (and they were) , - sgt ;
not sure what you mean here, please explain, got curious.
you got to use the word “ bully “ twice in this tweet.
it is everybody lost.
that is your for which you have freedom, though it might be silly.
if the police is not going to paradise.
if you broke a yes. i would not argue your right to say it though.
agreed. much worse than anything anyone ever drew on paper. yet he/she can express her/his feelings.
no you are not ! hmmm, maybe you are a comedian after all.
you real continue even with this ?
do not agree. the limits set by islam ? france is not an islamic country.
more of this soul “ thing, huh ?
if you do not know, now you know
people deserve belief does not.
so people can stop calling it a. thanks, i will tell them.
by the that is a police officer they are executing. and a muslim.
correct. bullying should not be approved in the name of freedom of speech. did wrong too.
pointing out those is naturally ok. involving obscene blasphemy and grossness, is not.
i guess i am amp ; com i see the world as it is.
so should one be able to bully as much as one wants in school, because of ?
live report - assault in
nice make sure you take them alive, these idiots want to die.
said this a while back . unbelievably ignorant .
they r blocking the road where is the police ?
could not have said it betters ! that tweet is now on my
. same prayers in streets are burdening new york & amp ; cities in the western world
in original country they r discrete, at here they provoke.
too bad the person filming this did not have an ar-15.
poor ... she was never known to use her brain before her mouth
i mean this go and fuck yourself !
very of so selfless and brave😂😂
well she should b put down like the rabid dog she is, but i feel charitable 2day
we all know is an utter incompetent fool that is totally out of touch w/ the real world einstein
is a pathetic excuse for human flesh. she should be heavily medicated and put away ...
that is letting her off way too easy !
now you know i can not rt that !
logic camp policy “ : said this awhile back. unbelievably ignorant. ”
. rule never bring a whistle to a gun fight !
it is speculative , but judging by video & amp ; imagery from scene of attack , these gunmen are
amateurs do not have a rpm.
its also strategy wants coalition boots on the ground in theater this is provocation
let is not speculate just yet. before we know it, everyone is pointing fingers.
sure they are probably re imported fm isis. as many other in eu
they are trained it is obvious.
looks like one shooter lost his sneaker, then calmly picked it up after the firefight.
how they fired at the policeman while running down was extremely professional sickening though
just want to express appreciation for your consistent caution in making claims. so unusual these days !
by who also in car+trilateral commission
oh first class speculation on the video you keep circulating, well done.
very much so. trained terrorists, absolutely !
most probably trained in the west-sponsored killing fields of syria. talk at chickens coming home ...
" not afraid " - thousands in france gather to a send message after charlie hebdo attack .
they always thought freedom was more important and they always stood for it through their cartoons
was fighting a lying and complacent society ; harder to fight ; deadlier foe.
rt not afraid -thousands in france gather to a send message after charlie held attack.
who is the cartoonist ? anonymous ?
they were called when the attack started
rip char bonnier- igneous- honor- maris- carat- brinsolare- our rad- megabit- rousseau- renamed
that can not happen ... they were and always will be the faces of charlie held !
i grew up with cartoons of or ..... they were targeted many times but never gave up !
where any of the actual cartoonists hurt or only the staff of the paper ?
not as important as apparently.
may the force be with you. always.
no it s a satirical newspaper. very famous for its cartoons
are probably newspapers assuming there are such things.
yes but who was the cartoonist ? so he can be honored.
a great one ...... not the same enemies at that time
they stood for decency and against christian, jewish and muslim zealotry.
another one was finally memorialized by the masterpiece underworld.
the cartoonists are very famous ones. their names belongs to their newspaper. not forgetting the cops too
all those talented and great people contribute to make the world a better place ...
after attack , satirists express solidarity and vow that fun would never die .
oh ... of course now dam, you are so funny
your stupid is funny at least
rt satirists express solidarity and vow that fun would never die.
17 journalists massacred by terrorist in ! did not get this kind of coverage ! wonder why ?
will the reprint held is cartoons in english ?
biased info what is funny though is that u misspelled damn ! lol
re : charlie hebdo seriously . if your god & amp ; /or prophet needs armed men to protect him
add to that that his followers are pathologically ignorant.
love it. stealing it
thank confronting on that same topic today-my god is big enough to take it-omiscience is good thing
the shooting is an act of terror - violence with a political motive - but well within our existing threat
us and call peaceful protest low level terrorism.
to hold summit to fight violent extremism
very difficult to have faith in something that changes to suit the times and the ignorant
you better check with the bbc on your choice of words ...
good to know. . but is there anything conceivable outside the post-9/12 threat assessment ?
we do not need to change our current approach to combating violent political extremism.
a cartoon , in solidarity
actually it was the sallow skin and big noses but otherwise great point. now sod off
and i can mute you * mutes you *
and there again you fail in this fight
are not killing quite a few innocent palestinians ?
thank you that is what they are reminding me of.
i am you unbelievable dickhead. fuck along, now
here here rt a cartoon, in solidarity
and that is where you fail in this fight tom
oh bore off for god is sake
you are not the only one
that is you should also include ' for mohammad is sake '
neither did the “ of course
the attack on led to a twitter reaction that ranged from condemnation to support
because school bullying and rampant murdering are totally the same ...
you do not appease bullies you defeat them.
so he would not be offended by stopping him ?
would be nice but that is not how it works in the school systems in texas.
the should immediately check all supporters. might be another terrorist.
documented false flag shooter secret service intelligence
so true. and leftist support belies the idea that these people are not extremist
you just went off the deep end
i my examples i was saying the skinny wimpy kids were the ones annoying the bully(muslims with guns)
the attack on led to a twitter reaction that ranged from condemnation to support
can do a lot without offending.
uh yeah just leave him in peace, a ?
one of the rare earning app for free ...
and you were using racist code about inner city kids with low iq
here comes another pakistani is take . how does one country produce so many brilliant minds ?
the reason they do not mock is that they are too busy murdering.
and i sure u did not miss a minute in blaming muslims. lol.!
he and his typical psyche are part of the problem.
a gem from an pseudo-secular
watch in u may get to know more brilliant minds working around u.
mocking you behead and rapes women of other religion. mocking seems so small.
tell him about fakir nail who mocks hindu deities to roaring laughter and claps.
is full of this kind of idiots sir. they r uncountable
special forces () storm building in where suspects holed up
god be with all of go get them
we stand with , the only french newspaper that dedicates a weekly column 2 :
4 of their each of them drew by one of the cartoonists killed yesterday.
thank you for the support !
i did not know thanks !
even after massacre , journalists like ( in todays ) wl continue t defend & amp ; run down hindus
article also printed on today is to.
they will never learn until something like this happens to one of them ...
that is what she knows. how else do you expect her to earn her living ?
and there will shameless supporting her in the guise of secularists !
which secularists talk at others ? when muslims vs. sikhs/joins, they are clubbed under hindus
hence they are secular animals defends peace loving people who never in peace
it ha become their bread n butter issue. they have sold their souls
no she is preparing for an article yes we khan-2
is she i thought news trader
she would come clean with her faith or any benefit she receives defending. at least respect humanity.
sir she is belonged 2 secular group of journos. black spot of indian journalism.
she is out to prove screaming lies a thousand times can make people believe the lies
moron recited satanic verses in. using moderate muslim face she defended the jihads
cartoons do not denigrate islam , executing cartoonists does via
rt ' cartoons do not denigrate islam, executing cartoonists does '
especially when it is done in then name of islam.
fundamentalists more protection and human rights. let them roam freely and give them protection !!!
yeah are holocaust cartoons also inoffensive ?
sorry to say that u must be muslim to feel it
are you unfamiliar with the term attack ? journo :
still does not denigrate esp. since islam does not advocate such criminal stupidity.
sure but will probably never be able to proof who is real behind it ... as usual
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
is a disgusting ideology. it is fundamentalists are scary because it is fundamentals are scary
you do not know for what ' offense ' the attack took place. wait for facts
second standoff underway at kosher grocery store at porte de vincennes in eastern paris , french media reports .
terrorist attacks in and paris, links in a chain -
rt second standoff underway at kosher grocery store at port de incenses in eastern paris
how weak the security in paris and france in general cause this supposed problem happened.
we are a peaceful religion “
i do not agree with what you have to say , but i will defend to the death your right
never said that. it.
you are quite right as it turns out. tidy.
are the images and messages depicted by really worth defending ?
satire was the father of true political freedom , born in the 18th century ; the scourge of bigots and
it is also pretty funny some time !
fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion. “ voltaireht
that perspective is why oppressors love to appropriate the “ satire “ mantle. is a racist publication.
there are still other choices out there.
fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion “ voltaire
what about wars of religion in the 16th cent.?
wise words. depressing that today is murderers will never understand voltaire.
not really. water air food etc not satire
let run their cartoon on the front page of tomorrow is in solidarity.
the conflicts have been covered by erasmus in a clever way, in his enchiridion
these 3 pigs are not iranians, they are wahabbis. we need to learn the difference.
satire is essential to survival.
b ashamed that u call people pigs. thats a first step to losing humanity
congrats on your tweet !
breaking news : paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking
breaking news paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking ” getting worse and worse.
here in it is like wars, problem, no visible enemy.
international breaking news : paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking ”
be nice if they still had the guillotine in use.
breaking news paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking ”
how many lone wolves make up a cell ?
breaking news paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking ” 💔
breaking news paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking ” mg 😭😭😭
breaking news paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking ”
mt breaking news paris police respond to report of second hostage-taking ”
why there is tension between france and its muslim population
in their majority simply dislike - for centuries.
yes i saw that in italy.
rt why there is tension between and its population ” #
because there is tension between every country and its muslim subjects even if they constitute all the subjects !
what did he do over there ?
is incompatible with democracy & amp ; free thinking
radical secularism is also what the pa wants to bring to quebec.
why there is tension between france and its muslim population ”
will be judged by the measures it takes once the ceremonies r over
why live in then ? oh ! i forgot you came on a boat seeking refuge.
does anyone care much about non-muslim disaffected poor youth in world who do not behave tsarnaev or karachi ?
other than the bloodbath rt. : why there is tension between france and its muslim population
good 4 u keep down that.
does the democracy and freedom has no boundary.
17 journalists massacres by israel in gaza , 2014 . where were these " freedom of speech " people then
maybe if did not put out posters of those “ journalists “ holding weapons we would believe you
source please were those “ journalists “ haas terrorists ?
the news showed the images of the dead policeman yesterday. point remains.
after paris , obama vows vigilance on terrorism as he releases gitmo prisoners via
does not he makes you feel all cuddly, safe & amp ; warm !
why are we holding candles and singing koombuyyah ? bombs, drones, soldiers. end the scourge.
maybe some job training is in order ?
good point ... let the healing begin (arc)
terror wow now has special forces. good job obama. dva
this article should have ended at pg 1 w/ nous somme charlie since the us stands with france.
so he is not stopping the gizmo releases - just offering more empty rhetoric
word is wants the shooters captured so he can them put in gizmo for “ recycling “
waiting for the red line “ speech
o great leader of the united states ! that will show them varmints.
talk about how to do something that means nothing.
but black man speak with forked tongue !
is borders are cricket wide open.
18 controversial covers published by photo : charlie hebdo
are you kidding me where is the one cover you were supposed to show ??
no mockery in there ? - sad cowards
cc mt 18 controversial covers by photo : charlie held
18 controversial covers published by photo : charlie held
18 controversial covers published by photo : charlie held ”
you neglected to show any that are relevant to what happened. really ?
18 controversial covers published by photo : charlie held ”
sometimes used for mistaken something, that word just for pray to islam not for war
is there any limit of pres freedom or press is free from any limit
and if press is free from any limit then y not press is allowed to comment at holocaust
. those are way tame dude. these are more controversial
you did not show the one they were killed for ?
a shocking number of attacks against french muslims and mosques days after the massacre :
we want park army to liberate kashmir. so this time we can break baluchistan from park
praying fr only army park army to get their head straight nd kick out us from afghanistan
shows mode is doing a great job at creating war hysteria,
okay. rah ... all the best ...
if can not see the violence in kashmir god knows what they can ...
non reported on main stream media rt shocking no. of attacks angst french muslims after d …
ham bay is the new alfreda launched to malign the true inevitable caliphate
the one who on had will end it. and allah knows best
and then u say stop living in the past. lets see where ur barbarian mode leads u.
having taste of their medicine ...
is the new he was trained by zionists
meantime enjoy park army surrender to india video
no wonder all these are committed by hindus as rail amid says
r proving themselves terrorists
never thought park has made military court for hindus, jews, christians to kill them officially
being pm can not kill anymore without any excuse, dat job is given to having said traitor
no worries mate ... we are waiting park to take kashmir away from us. and divide india.
recognized which may be unacceptable for israel.
the innocent face brunt of zionist plans to malign true caliphate
will b liberated but even if india breaks balochstn dat went do any good
did turn n christians to hinduism. india seems to have forgotten all dat its ranting.?
western double standard policy will lead ppm to world war 3
a few of the shooting inconsistencies but hey let is not nitpick
what is the point. no body even wants to know the truth these days.
what rubbish. it is the work of a few insecure criminal lunatics. nothing more.
neither are and i condemn both. can you say the same ?
some of this is a little dubious, though.
your position is morally untenable. you are ok with murder by your own admission.
oh well what to do. people have truly become sheep
killing defenseless humans is not honorable. it is cowardly. and ultimately, self defeating.
a few of the shooting inconsistencies but hey let is not nitpick liars they are !
was wondering how they would have known when the meeting was happening.
my heart is with paris & amp ; all affected by this tragedy . image :
similar to the behavior when french army killed a million in the name of god
they read the newspaper.
an army of a secular nation that killed in the name of god !? well i never !
respect for such a behavior ? “ pfuh “ !
i hope all western magazines learn from this to respect and the islam prophet mohammad “ pbuh “
thanks for showing us your support !
looks like another hoax to me.
no matter that killed by the name of god or big boss. it is french hands.
they were making fun of christians and jews too. none of them threatened charlie held.
suspects , the , both killed , local mayor tells cnn .
both killed, local mayor tells cnn.
rt both killed, local mayor tells cnn.
the scapegoats are what about the terrorists ? rt❤je sews charlie
good no loss whatsoever !
terrorists dead. suspects both killed local mayor
good riddance trash fuck you and mohammad.
just hate huh ?
local mayor tells both killed.
both killed, local mayor tells cnn. ”
good riddance of the bastards
both killed, local mayor tells cnn. ”
both killed, local mayor tells cnn. ”
both killed, local mayor tells cnn. ”
" yo , charlie hebdo , i am really sad for you , i ama let you finish , but
of all time thank you
the same could be said of all religions.
hurry up with my damn palette.
cartoonist is continue to poke at tyranny . quite brilliantly too .
cartoonist is continued to poke at tyranny. quite brilliantly too. ”
average people are now thinking more about how precious free speech is. i hope.
rt cartoonist is continued to poke at tyranny. quite brilliantly too.
well they would be better than the cowards in uk press
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack against humankind as a turkish muslim
any fool can condemn and complain - and most fools do. benjamin franklin
cartoonist is continued to poke at tyranny. quite brilliantly too. ”
congrats on your tweet !
rt cartoonist is continued to poke at tyranny. quite brilliantly too.
cartoonist is continued to poke at tyranny. quite brilliantly too.
this rt cartoonists continue to poke at tyranny. quite brilliantly too.
cartoonists poke at tyranny. ” pass this on.
cartoonist is continued to poke at tyranny. quite brilliantly too. ” 👏
is not the only one
ha. rt cartoonist is continued to poke fun. quite brilliantly too.
liberal journos say do not label these guys muslim terrorists because this is such a rare incident .
dead from moo slims. thank you mohammad.
they were also men and with dark hair. should we jail them all ?
yeah and probably also ! give me a break !
hey you stole this pic from me, after i stole it from someone else !!! bwahahahaha !!!!!
what would your point be ?
and is ... right ?
live video from scene of deadly attack on paris offices of satirical weekly charlie hebdo :
is filled deadly attack paris satirical weekly charlie held :
live video from scene of deadly attack on paris offices of satirical weekly charlie held : ”
bastard ongoing news paris attack
this is a very sad day for journalist & amp ; also world entirely ...
the best & amp ; most moving tributes to :
need to change your link and remove staging ' from the url
armed amp saudi is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
the best amp ; most moving tributes to : ”
go to or at least show some respect
i just took a subscription to through … walk the talk, all you folks !
the best amp ; most moving tributes to : ”
the best amp ; most moving tributes to : ”
the best amp ; most moving tributes to : ”
french police release pictures of two suspects described as " armed and dangerous " . more :
this is crazy wt is wrong with earth holy shit
these 2 are not in a hostage situation ?... too much going on
beautiful beautiful stupid fucking cause.
looks like two punks that should had been jailed long before now.
we must no change our way of life to please these murders.
heavy there !! shoved !
all are cowards silence infidels !
a million copies of charlie hebdo will be published wednesday to show “ stupidity will not win ”
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
no support for racist journalism here.
only will not show any drawings. and they call us islamofobe !
i want to invite you to a nazi meeting, and try your own medicine. is
showing stupidity will not win ' by doing something stupid ? okay guys ...
islam , " the religion of peace , " is a violent murderous death cult and should be treated as
why has become home to such as ? read here :
so should we should treat all catholics as child molesters too ?
i did not know people found children being molested hilarious.
and misguided ' intentionally hatespeeched.
some some if i am misinformed)
no one old accept or christians or. if they had that frequency killing squads/suicbmbrs
the extremist are in every religion.
know every was there. 😐
it seems the third world war will be fought for religion.
we should abolish an organization that hides and protects them.
it is a cancer to all of humanity.
a mosque in burnt to the ground but it doesnt interest any media nor the gov
if u know facts u would shut up
you ignorant and uneducated fool !
as a result of wednesday is attack, islamophobia will no doubt increase ...
now you tell me you ignorant, blind uneducated piece of shit ! who is the real terrorists !
i would not be surprised ... islamophobia is common throughout europe
i would like to know what is your so called definition of a terrorist/terrorism ?
terrorist is anyone who kills on his own in the name of religion. aka arabs.
not surprisingly the media is not, in general, talking about the islamophobia ...
too true was once explained as guest arbiter backlash following german reunification, but persists.
let’s not forget the right wing which is very islamophobic.
: messages of solidarity after paris attack
messages of solidarity after paris attack ”
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
messages of solidarity after paris attack ”
messages of solidarity after paris attack ”
messages of solidarity after paris attack ”
is i slam. you are nothing but a bunch of cowardly, slimy worms.
messages of solidarity after paris attack ”
messages of solidarity after paris attack ”
messages of solidarity after paris attack “
messages of solidarity after paris attack ” i used to live there.
charlie hebdo will print one million copies of next issue , 20 times bigger than normal
print million copies but never ever provoke the wrong people. do not repeat same mistake twice
anonymous to held shooters : news tip rt
held will print one million copies of next issue, 20 times bigger than normal
i do not understand but i am buying it !
with caricatures mocking d'uh think they would do that ?
offend. repeat. no fear.
they should remain in the stands to prove that violence does not pay.
held will print one million copies of next issue, 20 times bigger than normal
held will print one million copies of next issue, 20 times bigger than normal
rip cartoonists . my toon from 2010 :
9 i he likes them a little younger though ! just out of the crib !
well did not they do the exact same thing ? a plot which killed 12 innocent people
you mean the pedophile how old was that young wife again ?
i believe the objection is to generalizing from 3 gunmen to 1. 6 billion people.
these sorts of attacks are fuel for war profiteers.
brilliantly sums up the imbecilic horror of it all.
congrats on your tweet !
account for most terror organizations, therefore is not incorrect to generalize.
rip cartoonists. my too from 2010 :
rt rip cartoonists. my too from 2010 : ”
they forgot to tell them that the virgins were male goats !
clerics believes if u talk bad about muhammad or allah u deserve death !
if you find something against humanity in islam !! i am ready to accept your religion
was a believed in treating woman like property & amp ; death to all infidels !
nonsense. i am sure the prophet does not need defense from satire.
agreed on these two cartoons.
you say though as if it is some sort of justification for their slaughter.
and what about you all morons !! living life with locked up heads filled with filthy shits
judge by insane muslims judge it by the personality of prophet mohammad (saw)
update : there are 2 standoffs happening in paris now . both reportedly involve hostages . live :
there are 2 standoffs happening in paris now. both reportedly involve hostages. ”
any report on whether it is the two suspects ?
should activate the military & amp ; drive out islamic radicals.
2 dead at the new hostage situation confirmed by and 2 new people identified with a warrant
" we surrender ! " publishes pic of woman reading , blurs out cartoon cover
of course. i could not agree more. its wise to wait for the facts/evidence
the must be literally.
what a joke. publishes pic of woman reading, blurs out cartoon cover ”
you are right. we should assume this puts a target on each of us !
i think you are onto something. salam alaikum and allah akbar
worldwide afraid now. caused by their own acts
oh that is truly shocking. not surprising though. maybe the bbc fears being slain
death squad by any chance offs !!! wake up !
cause and too cowardly to kill for honor.
careful we still do not know who committed this
they have upgraded from to now just have to find out who
i have my suspicions but will wait for official statements from
shoot us last “
the should blur the face of the woman reading the magazine
show cartoons the insult christians a jews but not the ones the insult muslims
fears but not enough to criticize them … what i expect from the bbc.
must get published in major languages of world.
the problem the are quick to tell us this has nothing to do with islam without evidence
it must have been those crusading christians posing as muslims.
i was thinking starving artists
attack latest : footage shows paris gunmen on rampage as policeman is shot
stand the value of free speech camp ; freedom of expression
killing people for drawing a cartoon. welcome to the 21st century, folks !
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
thousands gather across france in solidarity with terror victims .
a true bitter clinger. 🇺🇸🔫📖
so you are a fellow idiot, it is true !
against the lose. it is time to make inbred unwelcome till deals with the fat
pictures of is terrorism against innocent people pictures
when the government drop bombs and kill innocent women and children is that terrorism
. were all these people when this was going on ?
it was a war that was made up and started by lies from christians politicians in america
have you had your house checked for lead ?
that is war.
one of the gunmen was radicalized by the horror at abu ghraib . cc
the ' gift ' that keeps on giving.
change was to “ claims to have been “.
are the bodies cold yet ?
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
context matters. mt one of the gunmen was radicalized by the horror at abe fried.
the it is our fault media reawakens.
up creates a breeding ground for extremists, who lash out around the world.
we will be paying for bush/cheney for at least another 20 years “.
us up behind the attack of newspaper critical of us, gotcha self-loathing fool.
oh. so it is all good then ? hello ?
it horrified me too and it kept happening !! these inmates should be respected,
besides did not even support iraq war or abe grain
radicalized by far kills 12 journalist, gotcha.
it is not an excuse. it is showing how blow back works.
in case you are confused
men do not argue with stupid, you are only going to lose.
hit tills : in case you are confused ”
yeah and neither of them died !
pasta hit tills ! “ : in case you are confused ”
bra in case you are confused ”
false dichotomy the terrorist is both a terrorist and a muslim.
- hollande : media shooting was ' undoubtedly terrorist attack ' . photo : kenzo tribouillard
good for him to call it terrorism right away. because it is !
media shooting was ' undoubtedly terrorist attack '. photo : keno tribouillard ”
watching live sky news coverage on in u.s. only story on a.m. news shows in u.s.
president obama is statement on the shooting makes no mention of freedom of speech or the press .
. but he is already made clear on what he thinks about free speech :
because it goes against is disastrous foreign policy of appeasement
he was inches from calling it
disrespecting is not freedom of speech or press.
right but does talk about shared universal values. seems like you are splitting hairs.
well yea those are found in the constitutional amendments. he had those removed a long time ago ...
work place violence why that lines.
that is because he shares their intolerance of slander against islam.
did he ask the to proceed with caution and show restraint ?
did say note future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of islam '
did he include a photo of himself looking concerned ?
is reverence for the 1st amendment has always been conditional.
i still cannot understand how the american ppm voted for this man. hypnosis ?
because traitor does not believe in them !!
of course not. the are partying. obamas brothers killed the infidels.
remember that , like theo van gogh , criticized all religions and people , not just and !
the had their good share too the last 2000 years ...
since when a few people represents 1 billion muslims worldwide ?
remember that criticized all religions and people, not just and ”
. yep. interesting how it is only the islamist that massacre their cartoonists and journalists.
talking about what van goth said, not why he was killed
your relativism is disturbing. 24000 islamic terrorist attacks since 9/11 and you talk about 2000 years ago.
rt remember that criticized all religions and people, not just and !
i said religion not these few follow the real teaching of islam.
for it is that is the big threat, for liberal democrats it is islamism.
scientists let the evidence of results win any argument, not who is the best lair or beheaded.
but the only peaceful religion “ reacted !!!!
but which religion were they killed for criticizing ? have not seen any christian beheading lately.
my cartoon today on islamist terror : a cartoon fightback
about love and peace ? you wish !
rt my cartoon today on islamist terror : a cartoon fightback
glad to see the times has not buckled to islamist censorship demands.
why that is what the assassins utter when killing countless victims around the world.
my cartoon today on islamist terror : a cartoon fightback this.
guess only anything against is freedom of speech
be careful they will be after you next
is like it is all about love and peace.
cartoon fightback or biased propaganda ? you have the power to create, use it wisely.
were it only so easy.
these terrorists r only harming islam. islam is all about love & amp ; peace.
what irony. just. publish. hebdo.
a tat but it is a brave effort to stand up for. kudos
your cartoon is violent. where and when does the hate stop ? we want peace !
world is artists react to massacre with powerful drawings
that is red pencil today, tomorrow drawing is not banks, it belongs to
rt world is artists react to massacre with powerful drawings
rt world is artists react to massacre with powerful drawings ”
rt world is artists react to massacre with powerful drawings ”
cartoon by australian artist - " can not sleep , thoughts with my french cartooning colleagues "
it is brilliant and extremely moving.
showing solidarity with the victims is necessary , but not enough . we must insist to coexist , and reject
stop is spelled s t o p and not r e j e c t
not all are. some are purely economic migrants, and a few political refugees.
we would never coexist with intolerance you fool
agreed. we must also try to integrate those who want to be integrated.
good that are speaking out against this sir. i pity the that cannot separate from fiction.
the teachings of all prophets who possessed the priesthood that preceded mohammad (who held no priesthood) .
salman rushdie : " i stand with , as we all must , to defend the art of satire ,
u can not hurt peoples sentiments n keep on doing so ... it makes these things inevitable.
is respectable my are !
hurt feelings mass murder ... ladies and gents : the religion of peace has spoken.
it most certainly is freedom of expression.
i would go so far as protesting satire is what is objectionable. freedom confuses you.
if a religious personality is respect is shaken by a cartoon, how he cud b respectable
are you justifying the killings as a valid means of protest when peaceful methods fail ?
it is highly objectionable amp ; against islamic teachings. earlier muslims protested peacefully.
you can. or you can shut up and let intellectuals like abe bar al-baghdadi take or
much like your comments are offending me
hi you can find across the world global liberty news from hope you will like.
so let them make some cartoons ... protest again ... can not say anyone will care tho
bullshit. your prophet killed poets & amp ; those who mocked him.
wrong. a person is reaction of violence to hurt sentiment is their choice.
is right. rose is right. stephane char bonnier was right.
you do not seem to understand that people are allowed not to care about what you think
if your religion can not take satire it must be a weak religion.
yes no right thinking person justify killing people but all must restrained 2 avoid further enmity.
right. war is peace. = 5. you would put everyone in room 101.
what the boy lip statutory rapist and warlord is a respectable religious personality ?
bit worrying you do not seem to know what freedom of expression is, insulting and mocking is
it is actually exactly an expression of freedom.
. mass murder is an inevitable result of hurt feelings ? fuck that.
the right of freedom of expression includes the right to offend !
then you do not understand freedom of speech. not one bit.
no they did not. pick up a history book please !
how dare you put your beliefs above everyone else is. afasik, beliefs are not fact.
how come hr organisations in the west give awards to supporter of such actions as who was awarded by karama
this means that there is a deficiency in the organization that give him the award,
this is evidence that there is an agreement between them
it is seems like bin laden and isis are the new generations of representatives !!
is this not an indication of the lack of credibility of these organizations or they sponsor of terrorism ?
such these mistake it considered as internal weakness, which unacceptable to comes out from organization like
we are hearing gunfire at the siege at the printing building at dammartin . 2 ambulances raced past .
got tired and went in ... i do not blame them after 2 houses go kill them
praying for a good outcome ...
yet because they will never surrenders
accidents are is not.
i just see smoke and small explosions coming from the roof
such a moving photo from , it actually brought a tear to my eye .
it was a fraud actually. feel better ?
thanks for your it is mean a lot for french ppm like me. 💕
such a moving photo from, it actually brought a tear to my eye. ”
thank you so much for your support ! ❤️
thank you tan ', mean a lot to french people like me. 💕
it was fraud wake up !!
french media says cartoonist behind original prophet cartoon is dead via
did any group claim the attack ?
so is the danish cartoonist safe ?
but was not the original cartoon made by a danish cartoonist ?
different publication and i believe.
his death will not be in vain.
police forces take position by the kosher grocery store in saint-mande , near porte de vincennes in paris .
shoot between their eyes amp ; thighs and hang them as trophies in front of the store.
not in but inside paris, 12th arrondissement
illustrators and cartoonists respond to the horrific attack at charlie hebdo
looks a bit like canard enchained
that banks image is actually by fyi.
talking about though and its hardliner policy against islam - remember the veil
cartoonists join others in condemning the attacks, and lampooning the attackers
i know they were taking on the catholic church before poking fun at muslim fundamentalists
on either warns against radicalization of muslims by imams in prisons in france.
the pen is mightier than the sword.
dates back to the 50 is, and has been taking on mostly everyone with power no till today
yes but the anti (among st others) stance took by is what prompted the attacks
a extremist assassin is not automatically a representative of muslims, or of their prophet …
is anti any religious system of beliefs and politically atheist/ left wing ; this sparked some fundamentalists.
i am not sure their respective journalistic levels are quite the same though – just a hunch …
" love stronger than hate . " all our thoughts with
it is not yet known if these are muslims
is this why they attacked it ? what a people !
love stronger than hate. “ all our thoughts with ”
i feel france will throw satire into the murderers faces , and freedom of expression will be ever greater #
very well i totally agree !
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
i can not keep up with you
even undergo put pencil to paper to pay tribute to
thank you very much for france !
when you are only satirizing muslims, jews and catholics, it is not really satire is it.
thank you for your support for my country martina 😭
thanks from the freedom of expression should be universal
those who died at will live forever , because pens are more powerful than guns . do not ever let
obviously your insults do not debunk my statements, nor justify lazy generalizations.
you are equating the extremists with an entire religion. that is wrong.
i think that you need to really look at the global aims of islam.
you are creating a monolithic straw man. for example, al-azhar has condemned attack.
condemn extremists but do not casually condemn a very broad and large religion.
your an educated woman. most islamic states would never have permitted you an education. think !
totally yes. that is why i am weary of a religion that is only interested in dominating
and you are simpering whilst delightful just makes you look wet and invective
trouble is low information ppm can not make distinctions because that requires thought and even study.
how do you defend a group that support slavery, subjugation of women and death to non-muslim
do you support the subjugation of women and the desire to kill or convert all non muslims ?
i condemn criminal human rights abuses & amp ; sweeping generalizations.
when you realism just how 2nd class and worthless you are as a non muslim then make comments
before demanding where is the condemnation ? “ check if it is not there already.
trivial to find condemning extremists, but you overlook this.
no i am just amazed that so many are sleepwalking into the islamification of europe.
logic has poor record so far
logic will cure religion in the ass
so you do condemn thank you and good night.
at the time of the crusades they were supported by the entire christian world. your point is ?
surely the vast majority of muslim condemn such events anyway e.g.
not according to my local parish priest.
history will show people like you as the apologists that permitted genocide
not sure. if train needs to pay more attention.
my point is that a large religion is supporting extremists and needs to give them up.
whilst many imams preach hatred and support for 9/11 and 7/7 i will demand condemnation. ok ?
do you really not see that “ peaceful islam “ is enabling islamic terrorists ? wake up !
extremists are not it is irresponsible of you to conflate the two. think !
if the religion supports the extremists and the evidence shows it does then no i am not.
i suggest you go and live somewhere that sharia law is practiced for a while.
try reading some they have no space for multiculturalism.
but back on point do you support slavery and child sex like islam does ?
. those people are fighting a rear guard action against the continued if halting progress of our species.
let is stay on topic. you were making sweeping statements about a broad religion.
take your lazy soft wet liberal views and ram them up your rectum.
i can only applaud the muslim funeral directors of australia for their stance.
. afraid coffee drinker that is as misleading as blaming every christian for crusades of for troubles
god is logic not a sex
prince harry signs the book of condolence at the french embassy in london ( via )
is that you
prince harry needs to get back to afghanistan and take care of some business.
if you are comparing me to him i really need to hit the gym harder.
prince harry signs the bookcharliehebdo (via) our kind condolences as well.
wonderful prince harry his mother is son
why is she smiling this is not a happy event
how about signing some letters of marque to plunder the barbary coast ?
its much ado about nothing ! bbc wake up do something report the truth about muslim threats
so now let is talk seriously about and western double standard on freedom of speech
so now let is talk seriously about and western double standard on freedom of speech ”
nobody shot anybody for this cartoon still think there is a double standard ?
you are in the wrong conversation. this is about murder.
what on earth are you talking about ?
and western double standard on freedom of speech as that 🙅🙅🙅🙅🙅🙌🙌
people showing signs during demonstrations of solidarity around the world after attacks .
i see these eyes sadly and shocked.
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
gagged since 25 years by the press for breaking the silence on corruption
love this spirit of the free world will ultimately triumph ask hitler, sorry his gone !
in the wake of attack , let is not sacrifice even more rights
rt in the wake of attack, let is not sacrifice even more rights
rage against the murders of freethinkers and long live and the continued fight for the right and need to criticise
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
and that is what a threat is. a suggestion that something unpleasant may happen. now go away
if it makes you please continue your noble work.
there is a village missing an idiot
. or a thesaurus you might learn a word other than ' idiot '
you are the one making the comparison. seriously now. go away
today at 1030gmt officers and staff around the country will pause to remember those killed in yesterday is atrocity .
by posting this on you get to hijack a disaster and make it all about you.
humor to serve and to protect ... and “ to shoot minorities
before you get back to arresting people for hate speech ?
here’s the grocery store in eastern paris where hostage crisis is unfolding
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
rt grocery store in paris where islamic terrorist has shot two victims
in response to the massacre we must not suppress liberties in the name of defending them - that’s what the
.... which is objectively wrong across the board, religious or not.
they are not terrorists. they are murderers.
religious liberty is unnecessary and regressive. all should conform to standards on gender/sexuality/freedom or be gone
it is also what governments want.
someone who opposes handing away their countries on a plate to foreigners and respect their european heritage.
strange lefties are always trying to stop patriotic europeans from saying what they think.
unless you think the borders of europe extend to iraq.
turkey is only half in europe, anyone with a basic education knows this.
and amp ; bosnia ???
no one has said that they have though 😕
oh u an or turk ?
your best tweet to date.
could you cite a jihads group whose stated aims included increasing the power of our intelligence agencies ?
who are the no terrorists ' ?
lot of in & amp ; albania for over 500 years.
want to provoke us into repressive reaction, to undermine democracy which they loathe
am perfectly happy to stand corrected if the above could be demonstrated
peter just did - “ that is what the terrorists want “
what liberties are being called for surprising ? or, are you preempting politicians curtailing our liberties ?
considering the i took the liberty to be freedom of speech. i may be wrong
gender polygamy, genital mutilation, rape, repression, murder
perhaps for simpletons i will use the old fashioned term for europe - christendom.
yes. and so we should.
its also what the establishment wants. i wonder where these terrorists get the money from ?
is a patriotic ?
not quite that explicit security agencies often quote the threat of homegrown terrorists all the time
our record of suppressing civil liberties in response to past terrorist acts does not fill me with hope.
so turkey is in then.
96 of the land mass of turkey is classed as asia !
what a ridiculously intolerant view. people should have religious liberty provided it does not involve violence ...
it is not inevitable but likely
i am guessing the point was that, restricting freedoms would be the expected knee-jerk reaction
police surround a business where two suspects in the charlie hebdo attack may be barricaded
held attack suspects hold hostage northeast of paris
the guys who have people want to free the hostage if the karachi is brothers become free
reaps what their lies have sown.
place seems to be evacuated right now.
do you trust democrats to protect you ?
fingers crossed for a good result. no more bloodshed, please ...
must protect us amp ; re-instate profiling & amp ; surveillance that had in place.
terrorists have indicated that they have no desire to be taken alive.
please do not martyr “ them. let them rot in prison.
as for i think french ones would prefer to have their faces blurred ...
no way kill them all.
cern put flags at half-mast and observed a minute is silence today in solidarity with
then you are persecuting right ?
oops you missed it. i asked if you supported lampooning the prophet and not expect retribution.
so this mean you are a moron ?
is it okay to lampoon the prophet without retribution ? do you approve of it ?
as a matter of fact it is not immutable. much of it is interpreted in various ways.
this thought you express here is incompatible with the tenets of islam
is it okay to assassinate for a draw ? in france we have a “ judiciary system “.
for the great tweets and discussion.
put flags at and observed a minute is silence today in solidarity with “
murder is incompatible with in the corn i read
so this means that corn believes it is okay to insult the prophet without retribution ?
i do not debate with people endorsing murder sorry
its okay to lampoon anyone and do not expect to be murdered.
damn you feel persecuted by draw ? by paper and pen ? you need help my friend.
any faith that cannot withstand humor ( even vicious humor ) is a pathetic faith . satire can help religion
do not associate these lunatics with muslims or faith, islam is against terrorism.
i believe that religious spirits hold many back from freedom !!
god is love and there is humor in love.
agreed. the problem is held is not funny.
thats the whole point about pis slam ; apparently it has no flaws !!
the same can be said of any religion. does not mean all should walk on verbal eggshells.
this has no link with islam. if u kill one human you kill whole humanity ngofmuhammadpbuh
do not you mean person of faith, and pathetic person ? faith is not an agency.
i sincerely hope you are not whitewashing all of islam by this attack ?
we are blaming the whole faith now ?
the world ignored a great many things going on in germany. thought they could deal with hitler rationally
yea i am gonna mock all you're fucking religion and you gonna tolerate me
you brought up the holocaust. tough to discuss one without the other
here is what we know about the attack so far
come on don’t show distressing videos with sponsor messages beforehand ! not funny
here is what we know about the attack so far
who disarmed the victims useless to arm the victims after the attack. let victims defend their lives
who also in car+trilateral commission
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
curfew and register all friends of isis (where possible)
i condemn this cowardly attack carried out, attacking the hands are broken ; asshole and ...
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
such awful news here is what we know about the attack so far ”
here is what we know about the attack so far ” rip. shocking
here is what we know about the attack so far ”
this is a time to stand with the victims , condemn terror , and remind people of breivik , mcveigh
great example agnostic and christian terrorists !
remind people of iraqi, syrians killed in name of allah+muhammad
we also need to remember that other anarchist terrorist ted kaczynski
stand with victims then re tweet a cartoon of the false prophet from the victims you pig !
french envoy is photo goes viral
these terrorist did not get time to single out muslim and non muslims
well when a mob beat muslim techie then religion will come
you better get informed instead of saying me idiot.
the has a lot of editing and re-reading to do
either has confused u on this or u deliberately spreading canard.
but terrorist is killing in the name of islam .... can not ignore that too. \
all terrorists are not
all terrorists are all muslims are terrorists. is this correct ?
' ppm had forgotten at ' women ' police killed 2nd day by jihads.
these terrorist did not get time to single out muslim and non muslims
these terrorist did not get time to single out muslim and non muslims
wow ... what a meaningful message
a terrorist is fanatic who dis values god but in the name to protect slaughters innocent humans ...
you need to get well soon you keep living in denial.
all are not terrorists. stop while you are way behind
must be forbidden to post such heartbreaking photo !
a crowd gathered in toulouse for the national moment of silence for the victims
the avg american, canadian, australian) has been silent too long
better subscribe to the paper, do not use it for personal political cause.
how many deaths mt a crowd gathered in toulouse for the national moment of silence for the victims
i do not it is pretty quiet on the range when the tower calls make ready ...
moments of silence are overrated. time to start making some noise !
how many subscribed to ?
israel , where muslim women and children were slaughtered in palestine this world ?
please tweet a picture of syria where islamic people were killed by islamic
condemns criminal attack in offers her condolences to french people and government
great post why not post on proximity based travel network ?
cartoons drawn for held :
attack raises questions about obama is policies
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
new : the response to the : “ were they forbidding an evil ? ” please spread .
new article response to the please spread.
boko haram killed 2000 people in baga over a period of 5 days . no , that will not make
that is remember
how many children are killed in yemen, afghan and elsewhere across africa but they never make news ....
20000 plus are killed in ne dr and nobody knows, and world does not care.
so when black ppm die dan its fine.
but they are unlike our prey good luck who is watching book harm killing his ppm
must establish their own news network to cover their issues.
prediction : the massacre will not dent the political class is complacency one iota
not even if they hit le mode.
can not see your face - another racist coward
having read his he is clearly a mentalist
not what i as you know ; now, fuck off up the queen is armhole.
what do you think an acceptable response to your tweet would be ?
physical response to me means assault
duck and cover rt : you racist communist.
certainly not the smartest crayon in the box
he could have replied to me, but he is a fucking coward.
not only are communists very shout, they are also very sensitive. how sweet !
eloquent he should become militant is speech writer
like you sent jams abuse ?
physical response agree with me or i will hit you
your behavior is sufficient for a physical response.
shove your racist website up your are.
he did not reply because quite frankly you are a non- entity.
communists are very are not they ? and not very nice by the looks of it ....
how many rounds of peace can you fit into the standard magazine for an ak47 ?
hope you are absolutely wrong about this.
: nothing can justify attack & amp ; those who organised & amp ; committed these crimes should be brought
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
go ask every computer user in the world to condemn this, satan & amp ; took
breaking : suspects in the attack are dead , local mayor says . watch updates live :
rt breaking suspects in the attack are dead, local mayor says. watch updates live :
breaking suspects in the attack are dead, local mayor says. ”
you think so or were they killed ?
we needed them alive breaking : suspects in the attack are dead says mayor
suspects in the attack are dead, local mayor says. watch updates live : ”
they wanted to die for their cause.
evil will be overcome we are not afraid.
suspects in the attack are dead, local mayor says. watch updates live : ”
why would you post the pics of these evil cowards. appalling !
world’s press condemns attack against
world’s press condemns attack against ”
especially poignant this week : bill hicks on what free speech really means
still miss u old friend. still relevant ! mt bill hicks on what really means
but i do not agree.
do not it is bad for your health (free speech/satire) .
proud ! when youth of france stand up & amp ; say in highschool éecolomb
they sat down ...
where were they on 2012 when was charged of offending islam ?
still the best i saw today
the prophet ﷺ said : " whoever curses a prophet , kill him . whoever curses my companions , beat
the whole reason exists is for spreading love and tolerance. not killing. please instruct yourself.
easy. was and mohammad was not. next.
are so insecure in their frankly daft religion that they see the only solution to criticism as murder
you should also verify the authenticity of faith instead of posting it stupidly on twitter
you are quoting a fabricated faith .... read why the prophet ordered the execution of key'b in al ashram
hey has nothing to do with islam !
that prophet needs to calm down, not very friendly at all
you guy is are scum of the earth satan worshipers
false prophet son of bitch
much safer shooting unarmed journalists than fighting women in kane.
what a load of shsh white
how strong is this faith brother ? is it sahib ?
we will not be intimidated by brutal , violent attacks on our freedom
tusk - so where are your angels charlie ?
best way for politicians to show respect for the dead is to not turn a tragedy into soundbites
we wish this is not only words and there will be some actions about it not just political able
so why are you imposing eu diktats on people that have never voted for you and your ilk.
we will not be intimidated by brutal, violent attacks on our freedom ”
what about political murder at pis office poland lodz 2010 by former member of your party ?
stand in solidarity with fight for free speech.
we will not be intimidated by brutal, violent attacks on our freedom ”
steve bell on the charlie hebdo attackers – cartoon
well am not the one hiding my face behind a fucking deer thou
comic book 2400 ways to murder muslim baby is with drones “, zion laughs at corpses
bells on the charlie held attackers – cartoon ”
but 12 people were not 4. they all deserve to be honored.
brothers killed nothing to do with faith
bells on the charlie held attackers – cartoon
bells on the charlie held attackers – cartoon ” 👏👏👏
rt bells on the charlie held attackers – cartoon
if they were not needed drones would not be there. they do not target children.
down to spelling mistakes and swear words already !! marvellous. have a nice day
cinemas via : steve bells on the charlie held attackers – cartoon ”
yes they made it clear that it is all about their faith.
brave what color pencil are u today ?
these maybe or to soon ?
love deer but hate those manipulate them. haha
you a nasty person. go away and waste someone else is time.
break under pressure egg face
bells on the charlie held attackers – cartoon ”
i see that you know better than that bank robber too. well done.
why would people listen to a person hiding her face behind an egg ??
me responding to your smelly tweet, was an egg con cording mine
that charlie hebdo is journalists are determined to bring out the next issue on time is rare courage , reminiscent
and they should reprint cartoons to show courage and france govt give security
but its not just an issue of ' freedom of expression '.
on front page of hp
whereas secular is seeking : sabik and andes
should come down heavily on islamic groups
unlike some who dare not shout against hardcore religious fringe groups
they are following their drama unlike (part from journos like u) who are failing miserably like
once they know they can silence the media that is when they really start getting nasty.
france marks minute of silence for victims of
better get their heads out of their derriere
marks minute of silence for victims of ”
program will end terrorism from its roots for ever
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
rt marks minute of silence for victims of ”
updates on shooting from staff & amp ; others :
woke up to this tragic update. prayers to paris. rt : updates on shooting from :
us congress new bill ... secret service protection for media. cbs & amp ; dmz
is a gutter superstition that glorifies death & amp ; violence !
is messed up in the real world
very bad in the name of islampeopledothiisbutcantheymakecartoonsofholo
unreal toon : is cartoonists in great demand ( via , with )
i see you did not show mohammad in the cartoon. all other gods.
your imagination is out of the world “ .... great job
have the balls to show muhammad di ya
any crazy fanatic in outrage saying that u r trying to show that prophet is not there in heaven
so even there was not forthcoming
but how come prophet is missing ? scared of massacre. i can understand btw
ah. now i get it
scared to include prophet in the jury area ??
let is just say that i learn that empty chairs can hurt feelings too 😂
take a guys this is brilliant !
could these westerner dare to make cartoon on holocaust lie, freedom of expression !!
that is the underlying humor. mohammad/allah not willing to get cartoon made.
lets play a game . this will be blamed on ( a ) racism of charlie hebdo ( b )
whatever it is not the way
where is ' all the above ' ?
someone had trouble with their potty training when 4yo ? its always a god getoutofjailcard
and absolutely nothing to do with islam.
the and
western cultural insensitivity re : valid targets of satire “
squarely with terrorist scum who should be considered unworthy of life or death
all the above
join us in hating horrible crimes and racist cartoons at the same time
yeah. not a race. therefore no racism.
this is seriously one your best episodes- so many well made points and well landed jokes ! & lt
. thank you for helping me feel like less of a psycho for thinking the cartoons were terrible.
is a race now ?
best journalistic answer to terrorist attack on is for news outlets to publish cartoons on websites/front pages
apart from the telegraph are already showing the cartoons in articles but pix elated/censored.
plaster the world with it and let them choke on it
rt the best journalistic answer to terrorist attack is for news outlets to publish cartoons on websites/front pages
mt best answer to attack on is for news outlets to publish cartoons on websites/front pages
why so those extremists have reasons to kill more people ?
and but are conveniently silent regarding muhammad and islam
islamist will not allow anyone to sketch even a cartoon but a can hurt sentiments
this is why air khan & amp ; ok iran preferred to neglect islamic gimmicks in pk.
shame on sun columnist using paris shooting to attack trudeau
there is an important message behind it. so it makes it ok.
blame for and making it a 300cr film
me to i taster hi many hie. lol.
amp is on the list too !
photo : explosion at printworks factory via
explosion at print works factory ”
rt photo explosion at print works factory ”
explosion at print works factory via ”
that it been not a stun grenade
simply put by our french colleagues in solidarity with the journalists of
simply put by our french colleagues in solidarity with the journalists of ”
simply put by our french colleagues in solidarity with the journalists of ”
in this country we are all charlie … for our beliefs and the way we live.
agree this is beyond sad. condolences to our french brothers & amp ; sisters.
developing : gunman takes hostages at kosher supermarket in paris , cops say
developing gunman takes hostages at kosher supermarket in paris, cops say ”
developing gunman takes hostages at kosher supermarket in paris, cops say ”
2 persons are dead the gunman and his girlfriend could work together
french police launch assault at site north of paris where two suspected charlie hebdo killers are holding a hostage
rt scene at site north of paris where french police are launching assault
i heard there were tanks too
we were all watching it on tv when you decided to cut to the weather you utter wankers
do not give lessons when you know nothing : sign are experts of this kind of situation
between that and bringing an infantry division in
sign malignant and you will see what these guys can do ...
they are the counter terrorism and rescue group yes ? who are part of the gendarmerie. big difference
scene at site north of paris where french police are launching assault
no they would not. the army are trained to kill, not capture and not rescue.
but what about the weather ??...
photo posted online shows scene by paris supermarket where gunman reportedly holding hostages
should we really be posting them pictures this could give further gang members info of police whereabouts
quoting verses from without going into its full context is a wrong way to support your claim.
look at this filthy murderous religion too, fucking christians
their power is significant diminished today because they started a war with uganda
discrimination. do not group the whole religion under this. that would be nothing short of stupid.
i do not support any terrorist group. i also do not criminalize the innocent.
and if you believe and obey those rules, you ll be awarded by the wouldesigner '.
today is the era operate today slaughtering en masse and are christians
french cartoonist charb among dead in attack , his cartoons often attacked racism and islamophobia .
the fool defends his enemies and persecutes his allies. lesson learned yet europe ?
people should not live in fear for stating their point of view ! cowards !
blessings to his and the families of others who were killed.
religion should be just like large sized soft drinks.
he was on the wrong side of the barricade, killed by those who protected.
how to be killed by islamic terrorists then. if the initial rumors are three.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
go ride with them.
poor attempt by to justify attack , despite the fact that france was first to recognise palestine
banned protests they were violent and muslims had damaged their public property there ...
this observation is full of stupidity as pro pelistenian demonstration and vandalism in france was a stupid action.
controversial tweets can help to become a celebrity ... dear bark ha this a cheap idea
has to say of where is religion of state & amp ; a to tame others ?
i mean how disgusting can this get ! as pigs will all
this has dad and iraqi mother.
was the first to recognize palestine as a state.
; you still believe in who has worked with ? hypocrisy lies there.
even if banned any demonstrations, will it justify massacre of innocents. apologists shut up pl
defy protest ban in paris “ - see pics n get some not cheat
idiots like have no sense of knowledge, masquerading as intellectuals
so is justifying killings at for not allowing demonstrations in support of a third country.
instead of focusing on the recent dead in paris , we should keep in mind that islamists have committed 24,784
why are you calling them ' islamist ' instead of muslims ?
. it’s not instead ”. it’s not a case of one or the other.
all the while people excuse atrocities because they are not `true muslims` this evil will continue.
more every is a potential “ islamist “.
add the is us/nato have dispatched along w/ societies destroyed who wins ? we all lose
daily reminder that has no freedom of speech, no matter what thinks
yes but we are the bad ones because we went to legitimate war ! you forgot that part !
: europe has a terrorism problem , not a muslim problem ( pic : f strazzari )
humanity as a whole has a self destructive stupidity problem - always has !
your country was not in this study, but maybe it is still useful
i do like the historical context your article reminds one of.
even more than while taking human lives,
no. try but this time rearrange the exact same words.
i think i am gonna blur this tweet.
i will post it on the blog.
we stand w/the int'l community in defense of freedom of press . our thoughts r w/the victims & amp ;
so tell me its real mean. whether we should close our eyes
stop the censoring of free speech by muslims
violence will not silence voices rt we stand w/the int'l community in defense of freedom of press. ”
yea u r saying right.
armed police arrest young people on a scooter as they arrive near kosher store
jeez. armed police arrest young people on a scooter as they arrive near kosher store ”
bee go away. go to your filthy children killers army. murders
oh yes of course but shame they must have gotten a fright
yet of prizes are jewish. get out the cave you live in
i am tracking your efforts so tweet away !!!
what did these youngsters do to be arrested ?
thanks you for another $100 hahn the irony of you helping israelis is beautiful
armed police arrest young people on a scooter as they arrive near kosher store ”
are u joking ? 😂
i do not get it ?
who is oh it is a state in america.
photo armed police arrest young people on a scooter as they arrive near kosher store
thanks i will do my best. 😏
they were possibly called by the hostage takers as backup to assist them. thankfully police caught them
do not think they will like the coming vacation
incredible rt armed police arrest young people on a scooter as they arrive near kosher store
why magazine was targeted for the attack :
if you believe in you will publish the cartoons in solidarity with
because they satirized and judaism on a weekly basis. minority groups in france
do they need a reason ? just sick.
rt why magazine was targeted for the attack :
‘ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want
you rock wish more people would hash tag this week
this attack is as awful as any other act of provocation towards a peaceful people.
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
what like ' held are racist ' ? thanks george, will do.
religion superstition and fair game for satire. je sews charlie.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
perfect choice so many relevant quotes from literature. here is one
should be on and posters, esp., paris today.
western double standards hit a new low following by cartoonist
republishing this cartoon now is a failed attempt to push the responsibility away to the west/the jews
this is going to twist up some boxers.
double standards hit a new low by deflecting from mass murder.
the attack against the cartoonists is not justifiable by any mean and yes it affects all civilized people
false the piss taken out of them a lot too
is a defender of free speech ?
western double standards hit a new low following by cartoonist ”
western double standards hit a new low following by cartoonist ”
so u r in favor of killing ? anyone gives excuses to the killing is a terrorist.
i see held making satire at the expense of all sorts - just a selection below.
western double standards hit a new low following by cartoonist ”
with all do respect nobody in the west kill a cartoonist for drawing anything against jews
western double standards hit a new low following by cartoonist ”
iran condemns massacre ?! what about this man on death row ... for blogging !
was d 1st country 4 killing of writer, salmon rushdie. 100rds bloggers+journalists are on death row
camp ; blood in 4 `s appeasement
or rail bradawl lies lies = lies
what happened with this man ? can anybody tell ply
front pages from around the world , as publications react to attack : via
what 2,000,000,000 not condemning a terror attack looks like.
good to see the machine not missing a chance to stir the pot
i am you are charlie, we are charlie
killing innocent people in the name of islam is much , much more offensive to me than any cartoon can
is upsetting the psychology of muslim youth ; muslims, pl wake up at least now !!
if they mock do they deserve the urania punishment of death ?
how can killing innocent children or sexually exploiting them make way for janna ? is this jihad ?
how can killing innocent kurd, christian, ship, hazard, ahmediya sendyouto heaven ?
who is and what exactly did he do ??
did not just tweet that ?
killing people in the name of religion is offensive to me.
in fact infringement of their right of religion. but i fully condemned killing this people
unless people like you take initiatives nothing will happen ever.
its really becoming a problem now this isis and stuff
but are they innocent in your eyes ?
see how the world responded to the paris terrorist attack
head we uv you !
might want to correct you there, it is actually a or terrorist attack.
see how we respond to the paris terrorist attack ”
how many more tragedies like this before the free world unites ?
said the publisher that publishes and donate art and books that heal our world
not afraid to show the world our therapy.
except they all ran inside, again.
world will unite against fanatics !
get serious about and west is double standards on freedom of speech !
salman rushdie defends charlie hebdo , calls for " fearless disrespect " of all religions
tolerance of religion has failed ! religion deserves nothing but ridicule.
that is demonstrably not read a history book. name me a society without religion.
tolerance did not work. religion must go !
that is a pretty absurd position considering that most of the world is “ religious. “
religion is in itself absurd. not compatible with society.
fearless disrespect ............ brilliant ! what would we do without such wisdom
this seems very irresponsible to me. antagonism gets us nowhere.
okay ... and walks away)
is not fearlessness. it is the root of intellectual self-sabotage & amp ; extremism.
’ s charb : " i would rather die standing up than live on my knees ”
disrespecting beliefs is not living or dying on your foot.
not. help change the world. not spread ignorance
that is a quote from albert camus.
no u go and see the difference between criticism and bullying 😂😂
girl is fat ' is criticism btw. you are criticizing her weight.
but only got offended. and even now some of them are trying to defend terrorists.
thanks for pointing it out. it is a quote i have remembered for more than 30 years.
12 go and celebrate. what a cunt.
he probably got it from zapata
in some cultures saying that girls is fat is a compliment. whatever they criticized every religion+
exactly and she has guts to justify !! how long will people be so blinded.
you believe in gods. that makes you a fool.
you people died and you are still trying to find middle ground.
i know i am not evil at all so yeah 😊
then they are pathetic who lack islam. and i got offended by shooting more than the cartoon
do not. have a nice day tho
interesting that had used it and nothing i see makes the connection.
are you serious you just gave excuse for bullying in name of criticism ! jesus. bye.
cause no i just saw today.
i was not but whatever dude be u and i be me ✌
i hate ppm like u who claim to be humanist when u r racist af
does it matter i am a regular human being
i grew up listening to this all my life and emilia zapata was known for this.
how is making fun of my prophet a freedom speech ? u disgust me.
you have no tolerance for bullying but killing people in name of belief is okay ?
the same that raped his 9yo wife ? you follow him ?
interesting. lots of references to camus, since it was in his book.
shutting up your mouth in fear of terrorists is living on your knees.
of course it is - no belief is beyond ridicule - esp religious fairy tales.
it is offensive when you are brainwashed and you do not know the meaning of satire.
said it during the mexican revolution there is more on it search it.
yeah it causes 0 harm. whatever, even it causes, it is f*king free speech.
i told u i belong to no sect, in a humanist above all
so which branch of murderous muslims do u belong so ? sunni ? shia ? salafi ?
then make fun of the terrorism ! not a man who died ages ago and a whole religion !
an ideologically sick person is what you are ... and to look at ya who would think such evil
you deny is own words ? you do not know your own religion
it is actually a quote from emilia zapata
ignorance are the most ignorant ppm on earth.
you are disrespecting my belief but it is ok cause you it has 0 effect me
yes i am but i believe in the religion of muhammad not the transformed islam nowadays.
where did ii give excuse to extremism ??? bbyedude
you need to love itself a bit 😂 why so burnt man ,go enjoy life a bit
yes. if i am which race ?
smite the infidels where u find them ...... belief that does not cause harm .... not buying sorry.
and look at you scabby cunt being disrespectful and blaspheming now. fuck your beliefs
they got killed for drawing. to terrorize. it is about freedom of speech, not your beliefs
i do not justify extremism and i do not justify disrespect. u r free to bark alone now
said it in l'home revolt :
now you are deciding who talks about what.
schools near paris hostage-taking go into lockdown : officials
schools near hostage-taking go into lock down : officials ”
rt schools near paris hostage-taking go into lock down : officials ”
schools near hostage-taking go into lock down : officials ”
statement on appalling attack against
what other forms of terrorism are threatening europe at this moment ?
statement on appalling attack against ”
the magazine was known for stinging anti israel publications as well.
rt statement on appalling attack against
you are still talking huh ?
statement on appalling attack against ”
put your pencils up ! your cartoon screams defiance . i love it and stand with you .
solutions like beheading people guys an idiot
did not actually say that.
childish playing with 🔥 = 💥💣👹📲🔪🙀
looks like as threat to me, but then that is how muslims behave hey.
thank god they do not have weapons of mass destruction.
i do not have to any.
it is a sad day for the world when people die for their opinion.
no. no. no. just now to this point.
sounded like a this campaign has made the cartoonists martyrs. not the oppressed that they hope
childish act better than act of violence
charlie hebdo attack : what we know so far – live updates
welcome to state of france.
live updates the attack : what we know so far.
the is push terrorist story but not the terrorist story
i really would disagree with you on that point.
held attack : what we know so far – live updates ”
checkout on live coverage.
following live on held attack :
sincerely with all due respect i recommend this book to u :
the utter hypocrisy
both sides would probably just want to live peacefully. muslim or jewish, both are beautiful religions.
so what if they make fun of your religion ? how does that hurt you ?
has nth to do with terrorism if u went us to respect your religion u should too
i guess u got nth else to answer exit insulting ?
what do you expect from the usa. you are cunts
u mad cut your mom 9 years older than u ugly rat
she is in a civilized country lucky bitch other women getting raped
again the west do not censor anything
its childish to compare long past (& amp ; defense) wars with actual religious terror
yes i did. you posted a stupid cartoon about how the west censors anti jewish media. nope
also he was jailed for tax invasion ...
our religion is against killing officially we'r not all terrorist and the one who r killing r nt muslims
hypocrisy is the game of all religions ! all !
will you nurse me back to health ? ┏(-_-)┛┗(-_-)┓┗(-_-)┛┏(-_-)
let me guess who u voted for
it is the west making fun of jewish people so i debunked your bs
who cares if somebody is offended ? offence is nothing. taking a life is obscene.
she has not figured out yet
we respect other is religion they should too they make fun of our religion
go fuck shepherd.
how about all the who murdered muslims ?
why u not wearing this bitch
no way to support that picture. israel kills more palestinians than terrorists occidentals.
i did not delete any post you nutter
bitch ply i will say nth cut all what u r saying is not right says
but only one religion is killing in the name of “ god “
u can send pictures from today until tomorrow
cunt your mum asshole u deserve to be killed too
sure it first just all terrorists are muslim
this invade you have not noticed is anti jewish.
bitch u live in a western country do shit the fuck up
how would u react if they make fun of us ?
than you for standing up for israel david.
show me like this 😆😆😆
we give a single fuck
many indigenous groups are subjected to by goats, mining corps & amp ; developers.
i went to amp ; all i got was this t-shirt ...
u guys can say whatever u want
i am stealing this from you. so there 😘
the inquisition was only one (christians) . so allllllllllllll are guilty
do yourself a favor. u stupid little girl
in my hometown our arts community was being threatened by christianity bc city council president is beliefs
needs a lethal injection .┣▇▇▇═─
philistine i want a leg !!!
r these sold by weights or high ?
we'r not the one who is killing our religion has nth to do with terrorism
philistine cold my favorite.
who is the terrorist now ? filth.
equine cocoa and ball syndrome is no laughing matter ! 😂
typical can not hear the truth that is why we need to nuke them
all should be dead.
mean our religion is terrorism we are not all like that
are you a chick or a dude ?
. before you go any further, you had better read this ...
stupid uneducated raped cunt. she looks happy⁉️
i think many cultures have killed to enforce their views of what is “ godly “ upon others.
were not proof the were better than them
for lunch yes !!!
by the love your twitter name ! hahaha
he likes his own stuff 😆😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
this shit is not islam
you never wished me well on my penis reduction surgery ! (͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
sure it is not. brainwashed little dummy
try some real u dummy
i refuse to visit your link. i found articles extremely against all.
. a massive double standard in both perception and reaction
but they will not be right
any people who think another group of people must be destroyed are thinking in terms of genocide.
maybe you should actually do something about it.
the big issue is that majority of palestinians strongly believe israel must be destroyed.
what in the hell is a “ photo ? “ did not english originate in the uk ?
we should call them terrorists too
while she defends this muslim women
i am mad at you !!!
has nothing to do with terrorism
prove it u dummy facts love them
so u can just send and send and send and say and say
how is your family ? 😂😂😂😂
but every terrorist today is a muslim. are you denying that.
you are stupid no one died because of this picture
your tantrum supports my thanks. individuals are not exclusive to.
indeed. accepted. but you should be outside the places of radicalism that create the terrorists
and you are more outraged by that than book harm ?
not enough. u all deserve to die cunt
they do. they have. we laugh and shrug our shoulders. try it.
i think you meant psycho, “ and you did not debunk anything.
gotta go ice down my dongectomy.
ignore these cunts
these the only females respect‼️‼️‼️
suspects were on british terror watch list for years
they are i always think.
they were on the list as well
yeah we are very good at watching ! not too good at preventing anymore !!!
so of they were on every goddamn list how did they manage to pull this attack off ?
get tough on round them all up now.
suspects were on british terror watch list for years ” 😕
and then what gas them ?
and groomed by fins bury park mosque hate preachers
steaming our emails to compile lists and then sit on them. brill !
this is why needs patriot act “ : suspects were on british terror watch list for years
that is the trouble. they blend into “ ordinary “ folk so well.
the men behind the cartoons at charlie hebdo
the men behind the cartoons at charlie held ”
the men behind the cartoons at charlie held ”
i feel so sad for cab, i grew up with his drawings
thumbnails on 4 cartoonists killed at from : ”
rt the men behind the cartoons at charlie held
rt the men behind the cartoons at charlie held
they will not republish it for fear of a similar attack surely
rt the men behind the cartoons at charlie held
nobody can kill someone because thing different, that is unacceptable.
in solidarity with all the journalists pursuing their profession and freedom of speech .
this cartoon sharing is only compelling law abiding muslims to think of ur intentions skeptically.
instead of making fun of anyone is religion hang baghdad, drag him do anything but spare the religion
in solidarity like how the world is cartoonists have drawn their tribute. here is two :
this kind of attitude is not going to help you in discrediting terrorism.
for islamist r caricaturing their own religion instead
you know what is sad about indian media ? we do not have a , with guts to offend one
i also hear stories journalists in vernacular media as extortionist, owners of vernacular media very powerful
it is the vernacular media guys who are really gutsy, not the ones shouting from studios in delhi
not about me. know many indian journalists, especially in vernacular media who take risks every day.
media has lots of guts - enough to question nations security forces on & amp ; practice !
they just forgotten media gives us the report from tax mumbai.
media do not even have guts to question waist.
. another sad thing about india is that politicians organize pogroms and sectarian violence
anyone killed anyone who mocked hindus killed ?
solidarity only till death is around corner.!
i know some journalists in small cities/towns who work in the face of serious threats
. calls " stupid " & amp ; calls for editorial " common sense . " capitulation of free speech
editorial foolishness is now punishable by death ? now let me think ...
would you not prefer racists expose themselves ?
silly and bad taste reason they are great and efficient
agreed. i’m glad you have the freedom to say that
there goes any desire to subscribe to the financial times. shameful !
ft just remember you can have a newspaper because of free speech even if its to insult dead journalists
should you be allowed to say this if in offended ?
so being stupid is now a capital offense.
oh my ... ft falling deeper and deeper ...
in other words should not have worn that dress “. sickening.
i trust you’ll be pushing the newspaper that employs you to re-publish the cartoons then ?
bylined not staff editorial. authored by
so bottom being offended justifies uncivilized retaliation.
the title of the article and click on the link it will open
free speech should not be a shield for racism.
good question where is this coming from exactly in ft ?
do you think silly and in bad taste is why uk newspapers are not showing the cartoons ?
shameful capitulation of on free speech and outrageous insult to the victims
free speech is uncomfortable. its supposed to be.
of course white people enjoy offending others camp ; call it free speech
the editors were racist but do not deserve death
again its good that you can say that.
no i think they are silly and in bad taste. but i reject self-censorship imposed by murder
in other the punishment fits the crime ?
exposing white racism is uncomfortable. i know
i do not condone murder but racism is a bitch
i am so sick of ppl tiptoeing around the fact that this was an islamic attack . the politically correct
of course not all religious fundamentalism is disgusting
that would be the point to address.
you mean condones murder of nonbelievers apologists seem to forget that
it also says that for apostasy you kill people who wish to leave the islamic faith
and more importantly a based attack. died to faith first and extremism second.
it is not what the koran says, but what muslims think it says
is pretty much following the ~ 1500 yr old playbooks to a t)
funnies and liberals of all religions are still using the same book.
its not about all all the muslims may not be terrorists but their scripture certainly is.
you may enjoy this : refusal to reprint cartoons is to capitulate to terrorism
not at all. we do not follow a book condoning murder.
if you disagree with your religion is fundamentalists, there is something wrong with your religions fundamentals '
good morning from where we will have the latest on the attack . 9am in paris , 3am in the
and this situation is more important for them to report on. the more fatalities, more airtime.
your opinion is yours and i have my own. thanks for the conversation tho. take care.
you have got to have sum thin better to do ... no ?
will you all report anything on the naacp building bombing in colorado ?
they ran an update this morning already ?
this is not a debate.
and you are getting your answer.
they should be updating us on more info from co just like from france.
i disagree. terrorism is terrorism ... what is happening on us soil is as important.
new event in a policewoman shoot by man with kalashnikov
you said nothing about an update. that is what they have run.
i say we send every last one of these mother fewer fucks straight to hell with extreme prejudice.
glad your safe and on the scene
gunfire reported in port carillon, southern, 1 policeman wounded. suspected gunman has fled to subway
cartoonists are on the frontline defending freedom of expression . my thoughts are w the vitims , their loved ones
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
you can always express what you want. always could. just know that free expression is not absolute
has many but love to is definitely the worst of her !
sky news reporter says blood has been put there ? paris ...
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
religion will die. kiss logic
oct 1 cover criticizing isis : ' i am the prophet , idiot ' beheader : istfu , infidel!'
they were so good at it.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
go sometimes u do get it right. # sa next with this freedom of speech thing
we are in the same boat.
do you blame the for their protest against islam ?
my. they nailed it.
great cartoon that illustrated precisely how isis warps islam. rt
rt 1 cover criticizing isis :
can not believe how this could justify murder to anyone
leading article : we are all charlie now
. thus you will print is cartoons, for sure ?
leading article we are all charlie now sad
yet another inspired fight jihad ism, stop saudi wahhabi textbooks ' indoctrination & amp ; proselytizing
no blaspheme harms and muslims so much as the call for murdering “ lagoon mahfouz
are you incredible how stupid hatred can blind people !!
rt : a few of the best cartoons drawn & amp ; shared in solidarity with after yesterday is massacre
who drew the one top right ? the three pencils ? that is amazing.
murder cartoonists and you provoke some seriously good cartooning, via, ”
this is a very strong one too “ immortal “ reads the dutch caption.
so true these are so powerful.
murder cartoonists and you provoke some seriously good cartooning, via,
you believe i do not. we will not change each others mind. take care.
. if had not been so cavalier with provocative cartoons those murdered yesterday would be alive today
. murder cartoonists and you provoke some seriously good cartooning, via, ”
you are right i corrected my mistake when i found out. tks.
now it is been attributed to ... i do not know which is correct ...
the more you behead it, the sharper it becomes “ :
but a fair amount of pretty smug, self-important cartoons too.
that was graffiti banks, i believe.
i hear that is just a rumor, and the real artist is
at 87 years of age , asterix cartoonist uderzo gets back on the drawing board
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
still a steady hand and beautiful inking at 87. i hope i am as lucky.
do not know if this woody guthrie-quoting image is really by banksy ( ? ) but i like it .
they’re real pencils you can (could ? ) buy. i have some too
gasp you can actually buy them ? i am never going to write with anything else !
when i got them the export slicker on the parcel worryingly said just “ fascist pencils ”
. do you join my hand :
it was who said “ good artists copy, great artists steal. “
it is not and is not real either, apparently.
rule of thumb anything on twitter claimed to be by banks is not by banks.
public schools are closed , france raises terror alert to highest level after attack at
12 schools r closed, raises terror alert 2 highest level after attack at ”
stand the value of freedom of expression camp ; free speech viva
university and two years technical degrees have school on wednesday afternoon
thank you for your efforts to expose facts best
public schools are closed, france raises terror alert to the highest level after attack at ”
stable horse bolted.
universities are not closed. no schools are closed today. for heaven is sake !
there is no information about schools being closed either today, or tomorrow.
. public schools are closed, france raises terror alert to the highest level after attack at
it is there is no school on wednesdays.
closes raises terror alert after deadly attack at newspaper :
wise move given the types of atrocity these bastards are capable of perpetrating against defenseless little children.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
how the terrorists win : is now blurring the cover mohammed cartoon of in its reporting
tell you what. when a muslim drags those three in, i will believe this line.
looks like they are using a different photo now.
punishable by death i did not like most of their cartoons but was happy they could publish them
groan. grow a pair telegraph.
shame on the telegraph is editors !
dark danger there is no terror in islam. islam is a religion of love
i think u understand me .... making cartoons of prophet muhammad pbuh is wrong ...
thanks for the profile in courage, telegraph
oh where is when you need her ?
they should give these monsters up then, not hide them
nobody is buying that line anymore.
what a bunch of cowards. do you think they will kill you last, ?
yes to now to hatred ! i am muslim
so much for freedom of speech in uk it is now being governed by islam.
appeasers and cowards work at the telegraph .... spineless
how in u call this freedom of speech ...?!?
fuck the terrorist in paris i break there fucking necks
the shaky baby has spoken.
hell yeah you are the best iron shark ! fuck them all up !!!!!!!!!!!
it is their
make sure you make them humble too, shark !
oh do not piss off the shark by dropping grammar bombs on him. lol.
fuck the terrorist in paris i break there fucking necks ” you go shall
incredibly sad pic of cartoonist wolinski is desk posted by his daughter . " papa est parti pas wolinski .
those artists have always carried their weapons anywhere they want ...
angela merkel condemned the attack on " freedom of speech and the press . " obama did not . shameful
he does not know yet.
i strongly condemn the horrific shooting “ at the offices of, us president obama says
but he got his pen and phone and golf club dots obama
pretty weak sauce from you. he called it a terrorist attack, unequivocally.
are you surprised said in his book that he would stand with the muslims ... -in-chief
is point is that obama should have said that first.
not surprising. he has never ceased bowing to the enemy.
sticks around by the speech of free murdering right
they struggle with the separation of church and state as we once did, imo.
no he is just & amp ; always will be.
he has not heard about it yet ......
. yeah ... except he did, as the whitehorse twitter profile shows
paris alert status raised to the highest level with gunmen reportedly on the run
terrible if only people did not hand out guns : j epstein also member of car+trilateral commission
shouting ... must be hindus
disgraceful headline on your do you really mean to say charlie held ' provoked religion ' ?
so so sad. i was going to take my family to paris for the day but ...
heart goes out to all involved. shocking
alert status raised highest level gunmen reportedly on the run ”
are we all eagerly awaiting the usual apologists to appear on & amp ; ?
so the cowards are running away ?
for freedom and diversity and humanity, get ' em, french govt !
exactly this coverage is appalling, implying this attack was the mags fault for opposing islam
gunman no. terrorist. the ' prophet ' is offensive. look at the followers !!!
help make it happen for gaza winter appeal on
after the goats have bolted !
terrorists have opened fire in the charlie hebdo newsroom in paris killing twelve people and wounding many others :
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
every news outlet publish a mo cartoon today.
this does not represent all muslims , but , sorry , it does represent the official islamic school of a
i dare you to prove me wrong !
do you even believe yourself ?
should that state be named ?
the same who pour mosques with hundreds millions $. qatar and usa terrorists states.
the is not meant to be taken completely literally nor was every verse intended for every era
it does represents as in koran and sunny. face it.
but it is not misinterpreted - it is very clear and all prominent muslim scholars agree on it.
. gladly low. duran 60:8 duran 15:2 -3most importantly duran 2:256
do not tempt me ! what about koran 9:5, 28, 29 ?
look who is jumping to conclusions ...
you are completely ignoring the peace verses and all the good that it has in it and misinterpreting a
correct step would be to spread true islamic knowledge before verses like this are misinterpreted
a better understanding of the european freedom of expression and the place of prophet(pbuh) in muslim faith
men go set your head on fire until your face resembles a melted wellington boot !
how did i expect you to be one of those typical apologists of islam !
is this your or the islam of muhammad ?
speak with your brain and not with your heart
the police told them to think before publishing this. i wish they could have thought
as an atheist i do not see these as representing islam any more than the kkk represent christianity.
. one of the first to condemn suicide bombing.
i am dense. which school and which arab state ?
do not blurt out nonsense if you have no knowledge behind it.
what do you do with the verse of the sword (koran 9:5)- that disaster of allah ?
which state ?
joking man. i live in lebanon
that was one of my guesses. thanks.
couple of verses that no major shook agree with you on.
on the he condemned both !
yes as in a killing himself he had no problem with killing others
never understood the rationale of those who excuse such horrific acts. except to just their own prejudices.
2 standoffs happening now . hostages believed involved . 1 gunman in kosher deli in eastern paris . 2 terror
radical ... a pox on the entire world.
is the gunman connected to the terror suspects ?
is it true there another terror attack near the life tower ?
was wondering where you were ...
sounds awfully tense and dangerous there -- i am praying for everyone is safety.
the gunman who shot a policewoman yesterday was
looks like more just happened near the eiffel tower at the trocadero center. awful.
are you serious again with this ?
stay safe we want you back home.
this needs to stop now. what do we do ??????
2 standoffs happening now. hostages believed involved. 1 gunman in kosher deli in ...
why not send a imam to speak their language and save at least the hostage ?
breaking : suspects barricaded in house in crepy-en-valois , surrounded by police , le figaro reports
it smells like ........... victory !!!
seal the house amp ; gas them. (ex gas not tear)
put no police or soldiers at risk by capturing them just burn them alive
nothing smells like a bit o'crackling in the morning
terrorist dropped id for they might be prostrating while offering name in car. religious as they were.
nothing like crispy terrorist for dinner. i like mine well done.
try not to let the mm fool you guys too much with their lies.
like in a game park ?
we should never be ashamed to be muslim but we should publicly condemn the savages who tarnish our name #
. you never condemn what happen in gaza did you ?
kouachi brothers , suspects in massacre , killed as police storm building outside paris - reports
it was better to arrest them not to kill them !
suspects in killed as police storm building outside paris ()
i think most people saw their death as inevitable. i am just glad they are dead.
now they are just plain dead.
maybe and good to hear about the hostages but we missed the truth.
suspects massacre, killed as police storm building outside paris “
it would be great if they just call them suspects.
got the fuckers mt : karachi brothers, suspects in attack, killed.
that sucks. really wished they had been arrested
except that they probably saw this as a martyrdom mission and considered death inevitable
well done mt : “ : karachi brothers, suspects in massacre ”
suspects in massacre, killed as police storm building outside paris.
this cartoon from gado nails it -
watching extremists from both sides jump on this is scary.
no. this article nails it.
this cartoon from dado nails it - ” mg
stand up in right way not wrong way
rt this cartoon from dado nails it - “
they wanted to bring france to her knees . instead , france stood up .
symbols of resilience from d world community ... first and now
absolutely. just like we did in australia just recently. suffer through horror. then stand united !!!
send them back there word of god wrapped round a small thermonuclear devise !
and the world stood side by side with them
disgusted murder of journalists ! to those who believe in freedom of expression.
congrats on your tweet !
luckily i have no power i would make them think twice
they wanted to bring france to her knees. instead, france stood up. ”
a bit extreme but i understand your anger.
voltaire is gift : why the battle for free speech is so important
the real issue here is not freedom of speech, but the consequences of hate-filled hearts !
free speech has nothing to do with voltaire and his crappy philosophy.
is gift : why the battle for free speech is so important ”
i will never fully understand the obsessive need of some to control the thoughts of others.
rt is gift why the battle for free speech is so important
like the death of no one is guilty again.
is gift : why the battle for free speech is so important ”
you might be surprised to learn who else is offended by satire
is gift : why the battle for free speech is so important ”
stop hijacking our faith you crazed murderers ! thoughts and prayers with victims & amp ; their families .
why yes they did. and throughout history christians have brutalized every people they encounter.
this is one of my favorites. shows a bit of internal upheaval in islam.
this is a very good question where does it come from, what makes the violence ok ?
thanks for speaking out maria. your voice is more powerful than mine.
since there is been over 25,000 deadly islamic terrorist attacks. how many from the ira ?
you call them crazed in fact they are islamic terrorists. only 1 kills over cartoons.
this is true we only refer to the radicals
but is not that what the koran tells them to do ?
this was never about who enslaved whom, it was about you bigots tarring with the same brush
nope. it is all left wing biased politically correct bullshit.
time to reform that religion.
why does your faith generate so much violence ?
' of course being anyone who has a differing opinion right ?
hope you are doing well ... any support i can give other than war with trolls ...
if you are going to compare all islamic attacks to one politically backed terrorist outfit ...
so they fucking well should ! they created the problem to begin with !
i do not know you but i love what you have said. thank you.
this is what islamic fascists are saying atm. what is the ira saying ?
how are you feeling was ?
oh yeah .... do they teach kids anything other than left wing crap nowadays ?
depressing that ppl do not realise most victims of islamic extremists are muslims … but i am relieved does
is incompatible with the west !
so that begs the question of why does not the muslim community do more to stop it ?
i am sure most people recognize the attack does not represent the vast majority of muslims
does not need a model. it is its own model : republican fraternity.
i feel sorry for muslims. those gunmen have only gone and made life tougher for them !
typical weak left wing apologist who can not decide if he believes in sexual equality or religious freedom
video purportedly shows gunmen fleeing after opening fire at offices in france .
another case of workplace violence ?
thanks ... clearly a terror attack ...
he was a but we still called it workplace violence
just do not put videos.
stop putting these pictures up. it fuels terrorists.
so now u people want the us press, specifically fox news, to be censored ? fu !
; & lt ; fox news loves broadcasting terrorists shops !!
police car with bullet holes in front of charlie hebdo headquarter . photo
rt police car with bullet holes in front of charlie held headquarter. photo
policemen seem relaxed the assaulter may have been shot dead.
world leaders condemn attack on charlie hebdo in paris
world leaders condemn attack on in ”
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
this is all over you, and everyone knows it : • •
my tweets of today are the tributes to
world leaders condemn attack on charlie held in paris ” but na lang delay ang pagbisita nation
when those idiots will condemn the killings of palestinians or they are lesser mortals.
is that it ?
the moving tributes to the victims of the charlie hebdo shooting
the moving tributes to the victims of the charlie held shooting ”
rt the moving tributes to the victims of the charlie held shooting
the moving tributes to the victims of the charlie held shooting ”
brilliant i love it.
do not let islamists intimidate u . republish the cartoons in solidarity with victims & amp ; 4 free expression
all the world democracy is newspapers should publish them tomorrow.
and if you kill someone, it is like you kill everyone “
but to spread hate between ourselves with silly drawings with aims of fighting terrorists is just pure stupid.
what happened yesterday is a pure act of terrorism that every human condemns.
no use arguing with them. they do not get it !
unfortunately the media will not publish them, not to not offend but because they fear the reprisals.
you are being disrespectful because someone did something disrespectful to can we stop being disrespectful toeachother
i guess i can agree with that, spreading offensive pictures out of spite solves nothing.
i mean like with or as in
i will see if i can.
you understand it as i do i am trying to establish how understands the texts
what you have shared is not acceptable just like the event happened to the man ...
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
i refer to my previous answer, you can not cherry pick !
photo : police release this photo of a man they believe has taken at least five people hostage in a
what about the woman are not there 2 suspects ? smh
breaking : smoke coming from building where charlie hebdo attack suspects located : reuters reporter
got play it most boring
rt breaking smoke coming from building where charlie held attack suspects located : reuters reporter
breaking smoke coming from building where charlie held attack suspects located : reuters reporter ”
among the names of the dead are ' ahmed ' and amustapha ' -- both are also names of the
correspondent held assailants spotted in central france
do they care they instigated this reaction by allowing these insults & amp ; cartoons
car used by gunmen in attack removed by police from road in northern paris
senseless killing of human being can never be justified
these pictures need to b shown every1 should know what terrorists r n what they do !!
do you think we should not witness the barbarism of the bit bazaar link 2
when the vote for the terrorist palestinians they get terror on their streets
would they tolerate this nonsense if it was done in this er countries ?
i was thinking the same thing unless the cars were stolen.
rt certified as an encouraging initiative by
now have the balls to show that cartoon too, let some get offended
lets hope they get some dna from the car then ...
hope they get evidence from it as to who these evil people are.
-muslim shooter - 1 . 7 billion muslims guilty -black shooter - " all blacks are violent " -white shooter
and many agree with me.
i do not think i am better than anyone.
true. sarcasm before coffee is never good.
i am better ' or that you sold stop using windows. you do not know me.
many have and many continue to
good am ma'am. i think that is not nearly as important as the point he makes
calling him a dick how does that make u any better ? lol
if every is not a terrorist, but why every terrorist is a muslim ?
and as with opinions at maker, many also hate windows. find the ox equivalent.
no one says you should change.
no ma'am. just believe n my ideas, as do we all.
thanks. a false equiv lance to power govt officials that support violence
you win. happy cos this is going nowhere.
and gm to you as well.
not being ma'am. i disagree respectfully n civilly.
this was posted on facebook.
asking for condemnation of extremist acts = all black ppm responsible for an individual is act.
i get the bit but ... over-simplifications are fun are not they !?!?
then you are hiding under a rock bc they have done it this time as well
bill maker is no liberal.
attacker : " we don’t kill women but you have to convert to islam , read the qu’ran and wear
expect this to lead the new apologia on social media very soon.
or they could also choose to be a sex slave !
will give u further details, what happens if as a woman one does not convert
what humane instincts milk of human kindness sloshing inside even killers
and you will find certain ppm here who think that is more than a fair deal !
it clearly shows that is pro women !
this is the modern view of 21st century. imagine what would have been 10 centuries ago !
but and do not wear veil
they are proven unfit to live among civilized people.
this is why we call it religion of peace !!
in to ensure employee well being, should hire only female cartoonists.
the are freaking trying to find the warm, fuzzy side of islam !
they also claimed they do not harm civilians, unless useful as hostages.
well you can just fuck off, can not you ?
they were so kind and generous. bloody hell.
breaking : astonishing video of the paris terror attack as it was happening & gt ; ( via )
and yet some idiot will once again try to tell me it is a religion of peace.
thank it is the religion of peace. imagine if they turned violent ?
idiots ... i feel sorry for the families of the victims
evil wrapped in skin the vilest and most despicable of society !
the morons are the west for allowing islam into their countries. all civilized nations must ban islam
so much for the gun control
reason i have always compared the rise of islamic extremism/terror to a world spills into every continent
yes you did hear that. was thinking the same thing ...
amazing how so many people are still so blaze about it ... even people defending them ! mind-blowing !
religion of peace. fucking morons.
did i hear when the men first came out or am i wrong ?
the world would be a much better place without religion.
when will we all be able to live together ? i cry for humanity
what hell is wrong with people
israel shares france is pain and grief .
rt shares france is pain and grief. ”
shares is pain and grief. ”
were busy in yesterday. are the agent provocateurs safely in occupied palestine now ?
share is share and grief. i am palestinian as well.
we are we are not charlie
stop spreading pain and grief. end the occupation !
is good people noooooooooooooo ...
slain eic , charb , in a 2012 interview . " i would rather die standing than live on my
i think you literally need a firearm to make that statement ...
massacre : ' attack will heighten anti-islamic tensions across europe '
how do we know it was muslims ?
atheism and social are two different “ ideologies “. hitler belonged to neither.
are you saying are not violent ?
i rather call them psychopaths who use religion as an excuse to kill people !
because they shouted has been avenged “ and “ allah is grand “
that is the plan. divide and conquer.
shields are down she canny takes much more secret sell-off deal
. or even more in the name of atheism ?
they still do in pls support your claims
we do not need an all out war
massacre ' attack will heighten anti-islamic tensions across europe ' do not say. 😔
i see. difficult to hear.
oh i said something funny ?
are caught over and over impersonating “ radical islamist “.
media we need to lighten tensions across europe to distract from
some of them are. i am saying the brothers were muslims. that is it
other than that i cannot think of anyone !
that was certainly uncalled for.
it is in agreement. sarcastic laugh
breaking : suspects in shooting " still free " and " heavily armed , " french prime minister says .
please do a story about my son. innocent, falsely arrested and convicted. proof !
hypocrisy breeds by the minute ...
but the terrorists may easily live to see the judgment, and justice will be done
public beheading of such criminals is the only answer !
breaking several detentions “ made during the night in relation to shooting, french pm says.
oh god my heart is sick at this charlie hebdo news . one of the only brave newspapers in the
the gloves need to come off these islamic extremist terrorist need to be destroyed their blood lines wiped clean
again the religion of peace murders the innocent - when will this ever end ?
what are the other brave newspapers ?
all outlets need to run cartoons of muhammad, please do it on
the world had better start dealing with radical islam properly, and soon !!
map showing the location of the offices and the direction the attackers fled
end of humanity first pakistan then france ? terrorists. it is enough now.
no more pain in this world, its enough !!!!!
charlie hebdo attack : huge man hunt underway in – live updates
great post why not post on proximity based travel network ?
rt held attack : huge man hunt underway in – live updates
held attack : huge man hunt underway in – live updates ”
the media considered any gunman a muslim until proven otherwise !
the pen is mightier than the sword : 28 cartoonists pay tribute to charlie hebdo victims :
the pen is and always will be mightier than the sword or the kalashnikov
check out to see the work of a great czech artist
but the pun is in place
great stuff god bless them.
the pen is mightier than the sword ... : ”
the pen also radicalizes individuals. “ : pen is mightier than sword : “
' explosions ' heard at site of hostage situation at grocery in paris neighborhood of vincennes - broadcast
the created qaedapictures and videos
flags are flying at half-mast in brussels today . rt :
v disapprove the killings but v also condemn the satirizing of our prophet pbuh
us against cold war if u remember
if they recognize the rights of others - which they do not always do.
human rights r not about ' if '
yet on 1st they allow “ palestine “ to become a state ! april fools indeed !
hate no 1 for their beliefs blvd me v tnt ... the or terrorists who use the name
good 1000 likes from my side
terrorists who kill do not have the same rights as cartoonists, even if they offend.
if one side denies the other, they are not afforded the same rights. if is
well even if proposition is rat the put the record rat
flags are flying at half-mast in brussels today. rt : ”
these killers ' or from al-qaeda rat ??? who created alfreda n y ???
does the realism that muslims have rights too
also killing but again who created them usa
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
who paid the price afghanistan n pakistan lost many lives, still r.
rt flags are flying at half-mast in brussels today. rt : ”
children being let out of school lockdown near paris , as police hunt suspects .
probably delivering the little girls to is parisian flat …
the devil looks after his own !!
safe pro.
so sad that this is happening .wwweshouldnot have to live in fear !!!!
such hi by tm in danger. smjha. pak sons i beta very fr me
children being let out of school lock down near paris, as police hunt suspects.
cheeky cunt why can not i love school its not fair the fits need 2 be learning
why do not they get the parents to help
how scary. praying for all involved
u dew work in kfc u stupid scrub
jon stewart on the charlie hebdo attack : ' comedy should not have to be an act of courage '
stick to racist jokes about blacks and mother-in-laws and you should be ok
but did not his comedy central, censor south park, for fear of reprisal ?
cowardice terrorist held is the same as nefarious prism that kills thousands of brazilians through corruption !
if humor dies intelligence.
pencil eraser✏️is mightier than the sword🔪
think you are on to something.
pencil mightier than the sword
should have destroyed the “ dome of the rock “ when they captured jerusalem in 1967 !
by any and every means at hand, islamic psychopathic killers worldwide need a bounty on their heads.
pencil mightier than the sword ”
if it were only so ...
if a pencil eraser is not available, then an a-10 thunderbolt ll will suffice.
has got to get in it to win it, not just be some police force.
i think they may have used bullets with a fight fire with fire approach, eraser style
i have a better idea than erasing one terrorist at a time ...
rt pencil mightier than the sword ”
they already wear a roll of bounty on their heads
then they would only be a pain in our ash
the world would be a far better place if all religious fanatics followed this advice
further proof your post is spot on in it is outrage at how diabolical this is.
television is best at controlling the masses.
gen explains who the black man in the americas “ is whiteness is different
this the world would be a far better place if all religious fanatics followed this advice.
of course in such cases clearly follows the marching orders of the “ hands that feed it “
there is no easier way to control masses than religious deceptions, it appeals to inner convictions.
it is a corporation and its worker or those that depend on it for their existence report
people will have to decide which will they choose
turned over to a reprobate mind where they will embrace a lie before they believe the truth
the greatest danger is how prevalent the secret membership in this sick philosophy within society.
funny how that has offended some of my followers and its backed up by scripture also low
i see a lot of religious whiteness over here.
congrats on your tweet !
technically blowing yourself up follows this advice.
big part of the secret society deception has been blinding us from seeing ourselves in the bible also
and bend it to suit their agenda
looks like they are trying to stirrup trouble.
many already but sadly call themselves suicide bombers
the institution of our language are you ?
... or like note word of the prophet ails '.
congrats on your tweet !
and that all it is a choice and we should not impose our choices on no one else either
is not that what suicide bombers do ?.
no. that just gives us suicide bombers.
what they tell them especially no news
been that way since they rewrote the bible with king jams of england
a d you give them this scripture genesis 32:28 jacob and israel, rev 1:14 -17 description of jesus
and you know the are religious folks correct god the white man and the country they stole
rev those that called themselves jews, these r not my words low
france , turning on your own muslim citizens & amp ; " blaming islam " for feeds the extremists '
yeah a bunch of three morons vomited a carnage, let is blame 2 billion people.
do not assume is going to react violently
all men with their daughters. no research
is a disgusting ideology. it is fundamentalists are scary because it is fundamentals are scary
same thing with forced assimilation, inquisition, witch hunt, kkk,
will react with art and satire.
fascist attack is the consequence of western imperialist foreign policy which supports jihadists.
fundamentals of basic truth & amp ; social justice ! scary indeed to evildoers !
that is a subtle threat.
my comments come from scientific studies, yours from your anus.
vast majority 99 of muslim citizens are law abiding !
is tony barber describes as " editorially foolish " and " stupid "
i did read it lots and lots to make sure my tiny mind had understood.
even if it does they are entitled to. freedom of speech and all.
self censorship is worse than government censorship.
not sure how you are seeing it as selective.
please define common sense “
i agree but free speech seems selective & amp ; limited in this new authoritarian world we live in
freedom of speech is apparently contingent on not being stupid. horrible misstep by is barber h/t
was aimed at him. a truly disgraceful article
is this guy serious we have tons of jokes about christianity and the pope, etc ...
this is what i mean by selective
yes it is and people should not put up with is our right
terrible. i could happily cancel my ft subscription over those words. insulting religion is quite ok.
by this logic should stop writing nasty things about israel as it just provokes them.
what the hell is this shit ?
the article is bizarre. very unlike the ft.
right or it is insensitive and just in really poor taste say this at this time.
i may have meant agree or disagree.
not right or wrong. “ wrong.
a book review counts as mocking/needling/baiting ?
no fan of but one thing jewish people share is the ability to laugh at themselves
so if their jokes had just been better ? certainly cannot agree with ’ s barber here.
you are probably right there but we should all be entitled to free speech no matter what
i think that is a job for mr barber.
i love it when our betters provide context for us.
is tony barber calls “ editorially foolish “ & amp ; “ stupid “ ”
let is hope the never mistakenly gives tony barber an editorial position
i gotcha thanks. understood.
to your i believe.
we mourn wwf friend and supporter tignous , killed in yesterday is charlie hebdo attack in paris .
one of your communications officers is positively happy about it
rt we mourn friend and supporter igneous, killed in attack in paris.
people gather in silence to remember paris shooting victims and say . photos :
thoughts to the families. what a damn shame.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
people gather in silence to remember paris shooting victims camp ; say. photos : v
people gather in silence to remember paris shooting victims and say. via -
forgets to mention it was islamic terrorism n headlines, scared and coached by hussein o
terrorism 101 how terrorism really works explained by a 10 year old.
people gather in silence to remember paris shooting victims and say.
nothing about banning guns in france ? o, wait, already are.
paris police name 2 police officers killed at charlie hebdo building as franck brinsolaro and ahmed merabet -
the polices of should arrest 2 of hinayana animal and hang them in front of victims families.
terrorists are sick people . you can not be in your right mind and say you believe in god and
would the prophet have done the same ? i seriously doubt it.
your time is too valuable to humanity, no use using it responding to trolls.
just going off your own words and twitter actions. here is a mirror :
they are beating our and that makes less sense ...
you can not be in your right mind and believe in gods period
i would take it further - extremists are usually the most passionate and dedicated believers
the big difference is that these terrorists are motivated by religion, not so the nazis of kkk
fanaticism is a monster that dares call itself the son of religion. “
spare me the name calling. that is a pathetic response to a serious issue.
its s savage religion. they say they want peace to try to deceive their enemies.
unite against all extremists. they are the true enemy and danger to the world.
and yet you impose this on a woman you do not even know. interesting.
yes he has itself ordered about the killing of persons involved in blasphemous acts
i support satirical cartoons of religion
where is respect when you kill an opponent in cold blood ?
i support satirical cartoons. because of
follow the religion that is aquamanism.
i support satirical cartoons of people.
i support satirical cartoons of religion ” because of religion
yes we agree and set free dieudonne
cartoon from the new yorker , september 2012
is it a snowman in a blizzard ?
cartoon from the new worker, september 2012 ”
cartoon from the new worker, september 2012 ” we had better not come to this !
absolutely brilliant thank you.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
cartoon from the new worker, september 2012 ”
that cartoon offends invisible people everywhere.
looks like a family reunion.
cartoon from the new worker, september 2012 ”
developing : terrorists take hostages in two different locations .
you yourself developed countries !! what a shame !! 3 days !!!
has said chatter indicates they may be next. probably one of their landmarks.
two different multiple hostages
developing terrorists take hostages in two different locations. ” more reason to continue prepping !
religion of they will never assimilate, liberals destroyed france
developing terrorists take hostages in two different locations. ”
sending prayers to all you guys be careful reporting this and stay safe !!
they forgot what they endured in wwii.
developing terrorists take hostages in two different locations. ”
instead of let the un begin an anti-terrorism campaign !
terrorists must be getting hungry. send in the bacon sandwiches
us it two or three different hostage takings ?
god will make a way.
your warring it out same news for 9 hours over and over give us something we do not know
papers covering the story without publishing the cartoons are not curbing terrorism - they are victims of it .
makes me wish kitchens was still around to call out their cowardice face to face.
agreed freedom of expression is a more important fight
not just but team players now
rip hitch. thankfully we still have sam -
i’d argue that they are abetting it.
but why are u ready to bend ? why say “ even if i convert .... “
when the media is in the tank with the terrorist enabler-in-chief what do you expect.
this is a brilliant observation. you are correct.
it is not about conversion ; it is about gradually forfeiting freedom of expression.
. they are also cowards.
with that argument soon u will be ready to convert too.
. abetting that is the word i was searching for.
read my on india
they do not want to put their staff in danger just to make a point
thoughts with those affected by attack , particularly those brave colleagues killed in the line of duty .
good point. if threat increases more armed police will be deployed to enhance protection.
disgusted that anyone could be so utterly evil to think it right to commit such atrocity.
turn’s astonishing predictions enjoy and share plus.
terror in dr. turn’s astonishing predictions enjoy and share plus.
it may not have helped but at least he was given the option to be able to defend himself
more armed police needed on our streets. now.
a history of charlie hebdo , the satire magazine targeted in wednesday is terrorist attack
history of held, the magazine targeted in wednesday is terrorist attack ”
reports : cherif kouachi , 32 , and older brother said , 34 , suspected of charlie hebdo attack are
suspected you can not be serious.
they wanted to be martyrs.
future terrorist will think second about attacks in france.
the pen is mightier this is how cartoonists responded to attack
in stinks of cia/nato ‘ dirty war ’ op
where is when you need him ? oh , that is right ! twitter banned him for tweeting the truth
he has a new account but i can not find it. he is now jr joe.
twitter management are against free speech. they block me from following who i wish.
no. satire about insults are not truth.
new to guess i will never know about. missing out ... 👍
would have raked these turds cashing in their 72 virgins to avenge satire of a pedophile prophet
free speech has been dead for centuries. try saying what you like while at work.
was twitter attacked or was it charliehedbo ? twitter has gone down before the battle even begins ...
it is disgusting of twitter to interfere in any way with exchange of views. management should be sacked
this is cheap extortion and blackmail. lies and intentional misinterpretations can never be the truth.
they already got his new account at too. free speech is already dead.
he was killed as foreplay for french jihadists.
it is time for unite. - join my hand at :
go back to school. people like you make me ashamed of being a human.
satire is a dangerous weapon. joe should have picked up a gun and expressed himself constructively.
the hypocrisy in the western world … ( political cartoon from carlos latuff )
there is no evidence this is so. it is an assumption fostered by media.
there is a link to an article my lord.!!
mockery should not be made about anyone or anything. what if something dear to you was mocked ?
before and muslims lived peacefully in many parts of the world
the only one fantasizing here is you ... 😂
like i said hopeless ... bye !!
do not ever let history & amp ; facts interfere with your fantasies
held fired one of his own employees, a satirist sine for an antisemitic cartoon.
just not true. only the muslims take offense !!!!
unless it is shown that this is another israeli false flag perpetrated by notorious terrorist mos sad
but i can not take you and what you say serious ... just not logic !
read what there is nothing there
speechless go read a book .... 😂😂😂
how many killings muslims dumb bastard
do even realize what you are typing here ?
go read a book and please one about humanity and one about critical thinking
throwing in those work all the fucking time like a charm when you are speechless right ? 😂
last time i checked i am not the one being so blatantly hypocritical having double standards
they have nothing to do with this issue !!!
she is gone. facts and rational discussions repel bigots.
i grew up in and i know that all the religions there are treated equally !
no. if you looked at my recent post you would see what that photo was referring to.
everything you just said is irrelevant ... you do not even realize the amount of hate you are spreading
so killing them is okay ?
i am willing to agree that you are not very bright
count me one u pea brain.!! unless there is a riot in which hindus also get killed ...
it is who are being mercilessly sputtered day in/day out
not even waiting my time with you .... bye
you definitely need but you wont get any here
french forensic experts examine car used by armed gunmen who stormed offices of charlie hebdo
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … and …
sad start to 2015 and a sad day for humanity.
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
mt forensic experts examine car used by gunmen
more of this to come.
appalled to hear news of apparent terrorist attack in paris . my thoughts are with the family and friends of
what a ridiculous question. terrorism is appalling whether home or abroad. have some sympathy.
my thoughts are also about politicians who refuse to find an accommodation denying we are suffers.
are you appalled to hear about the domestic terrorism in this country ?
we need expulsions from christian europe
or are you only interested in the ones that are brown and not covertly recruited by government ?
do not cry your time is coming our children have killed by your airplane in good news
these politicians put on fake tears when they themselves encourage covert state-funded terrorism.
why is it fucking apparent ? sane people do not do thinks like this.
but you are not appalled with anti muslim rallies in germany
you politicians are the problem.
terrorist so why was is murder neither terrorism nor religiously aggravated ?
an explosion has been reported near a mosque in paris . updates :
an explosion has been reported near a mosque in paris. updates :
well done. we are going back to middle ages again
has never left the middle ages.
repercussions. an explosion has been reported near a mosque in paris. “
just waiting for , and to say : " massacre in paris had nothing to do with islam . "
we all know it was mentally ill homeless people !
i am waiting for some dolt to trend illridewithyoutoheavenwith72houri
wondering if media is inspired by them or other way round. either way pathetic
watch out for secular “ media view also on the same issue. hypocrisy undefined.
then we have apologists like sagarika those who always find fault somewhere else. see this
do not he has to pander to his bigot of serial killer supreme leaders
mm already defending attack, disgruntled muslims yet on hindu tail
of course they for they know better. they are world leaders, after all.
for they are not true muslims, merely lone wolves. ’
is the religion of pissssssssssssssssssss !!!
t. you will bite the dust one again ... lola
one of the shooters has yelled “ the prophet has avenged himself “ (eight)
terror has religion but all are from same religion ...
yes we are all brainless to say that this is not true jihad ism.
nothing to see here folks. just workplace violence.
check this photo via journo . alleged pic of the gunmen facing a police car near offices :
must be banned in the west if it is followers want nothing to do with our principles.
why are you apologizing for them ? why will not they reform their koran, that says 1/2
my turn over 27k muslim terrorist attacks since 9/11/01.
why do we keep saying terror is not when it is supported by their holy book ?
' cos that would resolve everything .... jeez
why do we refuse to accept that for our freedom, we need to stop theirs
so just let them keep killing citizens of our countries ? pull head from ass.
my friend. subvert and covertly spread agenda
had to share this on my site. thank you !
28,000 rd deaths in 2012. how many killed due to religious extremism of any ilk ?
but this cheapens the deaths of those like the ones in madrid- 191 killed by muslims
if that is the attackers they are taking aimed shots. not spraying from hip
we shall cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieve
let is contextualize a little. i will give a stat and you give a stat 1/2
i would agree. must either comprehensively change and redefine itself, or leave
make fun of hindu god is = creativity , freedom of expression make fun of a prophet = 12 killed
saffron terror is a huge threat ! not radicalized youth, low !
this is liberalism of who watch hear nd bear with silence
y are u becoming the laughingstock before the universe ?
wale hi flag car rah hie ko change nazi sir nam badly hie
such pr par di he men slide teri mull haiti same again
year do not be extreme or w are no different the others.
however no arguments. i respect u too n wish for ur well being n cure from hatred.
is directly proportionate to food what you eat. avoid
ban is 11 dead is secularism
y mph was sent in exile who u guys got offended cruz of his paintings. lol
only a diamond can cut a diamond !
should learn to behave like human rather than copying the answer for hindus
he pass hi hindu hi home he
do you want to become like islam ?
is air khan now who the fuck is ur sensitivity, empathy n social movement ?
no way i love you are taking this to a different angle !
the second one is wrong. i hope you are clear.
yes they too are terrorist because they are not hindu just they are using name of hindu
pooch par pair to broke age. y june tech was killed cruz of shiv cartoon
i repeat. is good but fr shiva a ball sahib is not good mind this
y r u becoming a laughingstock b4 the world. blady morons.
about the crew n director n produce of movie ? they too to b declared terrorist. lol
adj mullon i tarafdaari nazi car race hie
by such immature n irresponsible tweet u r actually supporting the unfortunate incident ie u r supporting terrorism
these actors are people for money and havana routers
muslims around the world celebrate terrorist attack killing 12 in paris
around the world celebrate terrorist attack killing 12 in paris ” disgrace
it is true. they are. x (
indifferent. i do not advertise islam. i advertise white western english and their homeland ... england
i love the quote by putin ...
a good opportunity to round up all the radicals while they are out in the open .....
this damages their cause they lost the support of another slice of the worlds free people
and they wonder why they are hated by all of us racist white people
expand your horizons to encompass the world - you can do it
this is all they can do. morons
they are killing all over the world-it has begun .....
still wondering if is the enemy ? “ : muslims around the world celebrate terrorist attack paris ”
these are moderate ones. look behind your back for the extreme ones.
around the world celebrate terrorist attack killing 12 in paris ” enjoy
" armed and dangerous . " appeal for info about suspects in policewoman shooting .
no first ones about attack and all other countries but your limited thinking can not get it
armed and dangerous. “ appeal for info about suspects in policewoman shooting.
if she needs discipline i am happy to help.
of course you had to mention free palestine first .... free all countries from muslim extremists.
she looks like a bag head
dumb and dumber leave you to make ya own mind up
among the 12 killed were france is most respected & amp ; controversial cartoonists :
among the 12 killed were france is most respected & amp ; controversial cartoonists : ”
heartbreaking. among the 12 killed france is most respected cartoonists : ”
free first class tickets to the hell. 😜
not too rt : communist news network
has a problem ( and quite a serious one )
thanks looked through but i think put it in good perspective. still chilling numbers
what the quran actually commands muslims to do when it or the prophet ﷺ are ridiculed .
try to understand ... = bauhaus sunnahthat means taymiyya, who wrote a whole book on this topic
dry ... in sun nah and you are obviously a coconut
and then sadly there are some other verses too.
i would have thought after nell you would know that muslims are not protestants when it comes to scripture
i have told you several times, they are animals. that is all !
just send them to coventry ...
the ruling on insulting the prophet - sheikh a war alawlaki ra
pardon is not a ... he cheered muslim deaths in kaaba squares a munafiq
i keep telling u ... is bauhaus sunnahthat means this -- sgt ; 1/2
a movie that is been stalled by censor board for 2 years for hurting christian sentiments
a sad day for france , for journalism , for free speech , and those whose beliefs the attackers pretend
it is not free speech to insult somebody !
prophet mohammed cartoons republished by danish newspaper in wake of attack
i am happy if the republished die in the attack.
at least some newspapers have the bollocks to do it then eh ?
why should make apologies for what us-isrealian terrorists covered under an islamic flag do every day ?
what are you even on about ... you are just regurgitating shit that has no relevance
you are not the only victims. all religions are ridiculed
you are only happy when you are victims
shame on danish newspaper for spreading hate ...
these are not about muhammad.
so brave and principled will uk publications follow suit ?
you seem to have shared the incorrect images
can not happen soon enough.
will avenge the to the stupid left-wing media it is only an attack on the freedom of expression
this publication is unnecessary offs.
man violently lifts the prophet up by the lapels of his cloak asking for money ! he smiles and gives
i must kill someone tomorrow because of this cartoon))) are u moron or what ?
talk about what they did to prophet muhammad and the other prophets ...
by cm in the indian express 2/2
charlie hebdo attack : minute is silence held for victims around the world
held attack : minute is silence held for victims around the world ”
an inflammatory and offensive magazine has finally got the publicity it craved held
bots will conquest all the world.
held attack : minute is silence held for victims around the world ”
we should so many politicians showing solidarity with fourth estate. its unusual
terrible drama. reason separation. answer = oneness ............
terrorism 101 how terrorism really works explained by a 10 year old.
cowardice terrorist held is the same as nefarious prism rousseau kills thousands of brazilians through corruption !
it is impossible to co-exist with people who will kill you over a cartoon
co exist time i thought about it, you cease to exist when you die-they kill.
and those coexist bumper stickers are unlikely to persuade them too much.
are and is an uneducated godless male dominated society. they need be eradicated like cancer
not that the truth. you can not stop crazy hell bent on killing.
amen. these people are insane.
as a you know the answer to that.
it is impossible to co-exist with people who will kill you over a cartoon ”
would not understand that because he can not even call them “ islamic terrorist “ !
... of course ... but we must fight them in any ways
they are like the aliens in independence day
the president is upset about the terrorist attack in paris . it is taking attention away from him .
it must be so frustrating when the world does not revolve around him.
. i have got !!! look ! look ! everybody ! hello !
good time for a vacation. nothing happening in the world. has he a tee time ?
he should fly over and offer himself in exchange of the hostage !
what if we make it out to be his fault ? would that help ?
silence is golden . ..
he really needs to consider it all. which golf course is best for that ?
damn real world events ... fucking bullshit.
worry folks hodge is shooting at us but heck community college is free
maybe he should become a black muslim. ---- oh. ---- wait ...???
the way he plays he should be glad.
i know a guy that feels really weird hearing all this media fountain about european freedom of speech .
indeed ... freedom of speech only if it suits the powers that be ...
what about or their crimes : singing songs & amp ; doing scientific research
interview in england but they want to do an on him
i thought the same thing.
i know the other one :
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
the traitor n coward hiding from justice !!
to be fair passage is fighting extradition to sweden on sexual assault charges.
i am so saddened by the tragic events at charlie hebdo and my heart goes out to their families ,
it goes right to my heart. merci
misguided extremists continue to give islam a black eye
you speak for many millions around the world.
heartless thugs thoughts r with there family is.
thank you so much your support means a lot to us ! 🇫🇷❤️
it is terrible news this world has gone mad 😔
thank you it is horrible !
we appreciated
, christopher hitchens on the case for mocking religion is important , relevant :
interesting yet unsurprising that so many are thinking of c. hitchens :
for those saying we do not yet know who is responsible for killings , yes , you are right ,
any leader saying that is both at war with their people and the truth
do not be so it could have been the agnostics.
hey look at these cool painted rocks
sounds like a cia conspiracy to me !.
the real were fucking buddhists then, i take it ?
do not rule out the eds
oh militant atheists i believe we are called ....
and you do not think the two are connected in any way ?.
i hear all the who work there were told not to go in today.
the art of selling the bear is skin before everything ...
please stop the joke of we are not sure who is responsible !
yeah you may have a point there. now is not the time.
i am but i think that is in incredibly bad taste.
you a nut job.
can an atheist be fundamental about atheism ?
paris hostage situations : -at printing house -holding 1 hostage -at kosher supermarket -holding 6 hostages stay with for the
hostage situations : -at printing house-holding 1 hostage-at kosher supermarket-holding 6 hostages
hostage situations printing house-holding 1 hostage-at kosher supermarket-holding 6 hostages stay with for the latest
12 people have been confirmed dead in attack on french satire magazine :
disgusting 12 people have been confirmed dead in attack on french satire magazine : ”
this is insane 12 people have been confirmed dead in attack on french satire magazine : ”
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
12 people dead in attack on french satire magazine : ” terrible. suppression of expression.
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
no words. 12 people have been confirmed dead in attack on french satire magazine : ”
nothis is not just an attack on freedom of expression . it is an attack on freedom full stop '
fuck you. fuck everything you believe in. feelings hurt ? cunt
boo someone said something nasty. sticks and stones mate. grow a pair.
that image is that poor soul is just seen as fodder to the politicians ...
and you and your so called god if you can not take a joke
we will all just be quiet about barbarism then in case it makes you sad.
so also fuck their ? it hurts my feelings when people print “ slay the non believers “
that tweet offends me. can i kill you now ?
fuck your freedom of expression if you are using that freedom to hurt someone is feelings.
which is often it is an attack on people !
because hurting somebody is feelings is worse than mass murder ...
your swearing hurts my feelings.
piss off mate the religion is a joke
bullied at were we ?
i am hoping this is a joke but i am worried it is not.
your attitude hurts my feelings. i think i might cry
you are so fucking what ?
then why are you in a liberal democratic country ? go to one that protects your hypsersentivity
express our anger ? by killing people ? is that what you want ?
hurt feelings how about growing the fuck up !
it is not a joke ... sadly
i love these powerful and important images put out by artists in response to the charlie hebdo attack .
the last one missing the test over the gun : “ a call to the arms “.
i stand by you and the publishers/artists.
what would you do if you were not afraid ?
i am devastated by what just happened in france .
what if it was not muslims ? what if it was agent provocateurs ?
i am devastated by what just happened in france. ”
rt i am devastated by what just happened in france. ”
. hectic the way life means nothing to some
fair enough. still they would be using a cause dear to many within the fold.
i am devastated by what just happened in france.
because you know the interests of islam better than those guys in black do, right ?
enough to cower all papers into submission.
during the had a well organized resistance. bring it back to fight islam.
you do not agree that such an act does not serve the interests of muslims ?
i am devastated by what just happened in france. ”
i am devastated by what just happened in france. ”
in mine too ... something is missing ... ... it makes me so sad. nothing can justify that
i am devastated by what just happened in france. ”
many here could still refer to a small minority.
congrats on your tweet !
always poignant rt i am devastated by what just happened in france.
it hurts to follow the feed from paris ...
congrats on your tweet !
i am devastated by what just happened in france.
ask the who did it and the muslims who ' i-condemn-but ' it.
telling that some are calling the charlie hebdo shootings “ the worst terrorist attack in europe since 2005 . ”
i just remember his wow days being more criticized in the news than his religious fanaticism.
is of a type the media likes to overlook - xenophobic far-right lunatics who are disturbingly common.
all will not tweet what harpersupporter sun columnist fatah wants are not “ our enemy “
technically is not in europe (as in european union) .
you white
oh i expect you are right yes, but it was just a thought.
because it was a christian extremist not an islamist one. so sick.
yes. was a problem solved ...?
and yet you are happy to tar all of with the one brush.
maybe consciously not letting that guy get the fame he wanted ?
i think it was the cia who said that
fuck off you procrustean joke of a human.
will publish wednesday , writer patrick pelloux tells cnn affiliate bfmtv .
how do i purchase a copy ?
will publish writer patrick sellout tells cnn affiliate mtv. ”
will blur images in defeat ?
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
be not afraid fight terrorism with free speech - guns with informed media and ignorance with civility
will publish writer tells cnn affiliate mtv. via
will publish writer patrick sellout tells cnn affiliate mtv.
has a back bone unlike the mm in the us that includes you cnn.
media spreads hate for & amp ; muslims
fact check : muslim leaders are condemning the charlie hebdo terror attack -- even though they should not have to
thank you. you have now proven that you are a human being.
cleric defends terrorist attack
very good. now get every other jew to do the same.
so rape is fine how about aggravated assault ?
we condemn this attack in the strongest terms “ wink
they kinda do have to.
they really do not.
that is leaves right ?
you can not just issue a blanket condemnation. you have to condemn each one individually.
they really do not. ” ok. you win.
b.z. , berlin is biggest paper stands up by putting multiple charlie hebdo cartoons on its cover , including proph
hi thank god there are people as yourself in this country.
some people do have balls left as yet ..... more power to them
the bastards will hide behind the veil of secularism ...
well done that newspaper.
i think that the cartoons should be front page of every tabloid
program will end terrorism from its roots for ever
dear and can we expect two shimmy indian newspapers to replicate this ?
wow good for them !
newsrooms around the world show their support for :
why should we protect 1st amendment while these rotten bastards fight against our 2nd amendment ?
shame some media outlets blur the actual cartoon. muslim terrorists win.
all the signs in the world will not stop the muzzles !
in 14 amp & amp ; re tweeted
except and they are blaming the victims.
how many will and how many are just lip service ?
they should be showing cartoons of muhammad
they should all publish the cartoons
are people finally waking up ?
meaningless gesture. stop bending over for these fanatics.
jihadist flags & amp ; petrol bombs found in car used by attack suspects , sources tell french media
wait. are they related to isis or nah ?
under barbaric attack. must bring these cowards to justice. . .
what is a ' jihads flag ' ?
they must exclude radical preachers in mosques and community must take strong action when see youth radicalized !
sounds a little fishy to me. is this a piss take ? very convenient
wen caught castrate the bastards handvthevbodies in the center of paris. piss on them !
yes just so happened it was an israeli who took the footage of attack on victims
did head of edit this video ?
think you must have missed him mate !
off to a game maybe ?
no bacon double cheeseburgers then ? i am shocked
so motivation unclear “ ...
an attack on democracy : is staff common reaction to the barbaric attack against the weekly .
rt to let know u want a show in ur city see top cities
at least amp have balls to stand up to their gov .... i like their demonstrations !
where is the other half of my msg ???? lol sorry bout that ??
follow the latest updates on the deadly shooting at the paris offices of the satirical newspaper charlie hebdo
terrible event in a great city. i hope they get the perks
journalist attacked for what terrorist say we are wrongly expressed views on islam ! words have power !
is push terrorist story but not the terrorist story
follow the latest updates on the deadly shooting at the paris offices of the satirical ” 😧
i condemn the cowardly attacks. terrorism is not religion. this inhumane. god bless everyone
who is scared ? sify cartoon .
terrorizing a terrorist with a quill, and succeeding as well.
just accept cartoonists specially in india are really scared to do anything near to what jesus charlie did.
are you scared man i love too much ?
n drawing a line is definitely not related to fear it was i meant to say
gunfire , explosions heard at print plant north of paris where the 2 suspects are holed up with hostage .
animals dying the death they deserve .... learn to people. tolerance breeds crazies.
police should kill all of ' em
no heaven 4 them if assaulted by women with bacon wrapped ice picks.
police flash bangs for cover during assault to end crisis 👍😉
condolences to the families of the dead and wounded
sir do not waste taxpayers money on a trial.
do not equate these demons with animals.
hope they made the hostages disappear !
prayers for the hostages and officers.
kill everyone one of the savages
frozen bacon bullets. go. no heaven for you.
mt explosions heard at print plant where the 2 suspects are holed up with hostage.
at least 5 hostages in kosher supermarket in eastern paris , according to reports :
my heart is tearing apart. this is so close ... so close.
an offer for your followers.
is not the who attacked charlie hebdo . islam is the policeman who died defending charlie hebdo .
most stupid tweet of the day
yes is always peaceful and innocent even when killing pairs
why should a defend someone who insulted muhammad was ? are u insane ?
stop crying over hello they were group of racist scum
is not a race. it is a doctrine of stories that people choose to believe
the cop was a
whoever insulted the prophet does not deserve our solidarity either
whoever attacked this magazine. does not deserve our solidarity !
racists how they insulted all religions. as they should because religion is laughable.
how can you even re tweet this looooool
respect to the police man. he should not waste his live for this.
should our media show charlie hedbo cartoons like this ? absolutely . ”
the vast majority are peaceful ? and majority will not be offended by that tweet.
lets also not act like non muslims are saints
of are peaceful i hate extremist muslims
i am the prophet, asshole. “ “ shut up, infidel “.
distinguish between and the latter are by far the biggest victims of the former.
if your faith cannot stand up to pen and ink, i would look for another one
huh my time line is awash with muslims condemning this. do not stir.
let me you did not understand that cartoon
he is a threat to the peace of this country along with his friends
its not careless amp ; would not offend the majority. ask instead of known sabre rattlers.
exactly these people do not represent the majority.
was right. where are the “ moderates “ crying out against these murders ?? usual silence.
here you go. groups condemn paris killings and offer condolences to families
its totally ignorant and stupid to act like all muslims are bad
here. demonstrate i am muslim. i am charlie “
well done good to see someone has balls, still.
i really hope this will start true integration and not segregation ... but i remain skeptical
. getting offended by cartoons ? ive been getting offended by islamist barbarity & amp ; killing for years
they are all for example :
condemn extremists while standing side by side with decent muslims
there are countless moderates on twitter, on the news, on facebook, all condemning it.
of hate them as well
id remove and ban them from the uk
maybe you are following the wrong people then paddy.
when you have people like anjemchoudary still in the uk
how do we deal with this extremism ? strikes me its unsolvable
can not see anything on that link ... does it refresh/ update ?
damn straight well done for having the balls to tweet that.
tina fey : “ we cannot back down on free speech in any way ”
free speech and democracy mean respectful not insulting or disrespectful
nope. free speech means free speech.
but we can use appropriate discretion and, when it comes to satire, respect.
back down for what amp ; for whom ?
when you insult and provoke people, you are responsible for the consequences.
fey is such an important and respected journalist.
will be sending her daughters to fight this fight ?
where was amp when jailed film maker ?..
tell it and do not back down.
66 re tweets and 42 favorites.
fey “ we cannot back down on free speech in any way ” “
police marksmen take up position at scene of hostage situation :
do not know if that is helpful photo to publish
. police marksmen take up position at scene of hostage situation :
it is very necessary to take actions against the supporting countries of these islamic terrorists
why are we posting this and helping the terrorist know what is happening outside ?
two words .... political correctness.
may their aim be true and death to the terrorist swift
one one kill rt police marksmen take up position at scene of hostage situation :
are you trying to help the terrorists ?
not give any information please !!!
way to help the terrorists dumb asses !!!... jesus wsw has the biggest retards for editors ...
please journalists do not give information to the terrorists
smart give away the position of the snipers !
great who are you helping ? wake up clowns
do not tweet where the police are !
what if they are hiding and you just gave their positions away ?
kill the pieces of pig shit !
a silent vigil was held in london last night for the victims of the charlie hebdo shooting
would forgive you .... others would not .... save yourself because judgment day is coming
you were the last ones in .... you will be the first ones out !
i believe you talking about you 👈
read your bible and educate yourself cupcake
capitalist killer user manipulator conspiracy formulator terrorist bomber destroyer resources robber sucker
and the do not matter to you ? how many christian children have been slaughtered ?
the first person killed in charlie hebdo attacks was muslim police officer
did you need to show that picture ???
the first killed n charlie held attacks was muslim police officer ” كنهم فرحانين
take this photo down. so disrespectful. bad move
not an image that any one of us want to see, at any time. disgusting.
so you can now publish the imagery ?
they would not have had s clue. poor bastard
why act this way when it comes to muhammad ?
the first person killed in charlie held attacks was muslim police officer ”
very sad. must be the victim of all the
thats a strong proof that criminals have nothing related to
newspaper front pages after the attack on charlie hebdo – in pictures
don’t miss the newspaper expressed !
newspaper front pages after the attack on charlie held – in pictures ” must see !
these are the newspapers without the cartoons on them, great show of support from the courageous british press
newspaper front pages after the attack on charlie held – in pictures ”
but you do not show the front pages of newspapers reprinting the cartoons -why ?
newspaper expressed is front page is by far the best, and should be included :
“ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want
yes in 10 when after a satirical islamic cartoon office was set afire
hi you can find across the world global liberty news from hope you will like.
response prayer faculty lounge already demanding cartoon regulation & amp ; more gun carl
. great image i just posted this relating to this idea :
4 cartoonists in paris had more convictions than the whole of indian mainstream media put together .
free parties etc n radio favors to journos by congas
wonder anyone from condemn ! freedom of expression and all that ..... i am an !
by comparing the 4 immortals to these dead souls is an insult.
can not travel free on pm is plane, no free drinks.
exactly and please include those secular politicians with those media actors
breaking : french far-right leader le pen calls for death penalty
they do but they are quite wrong in my humble opinion
some ppm holds the opinion an eye for an eye.
these people want to so bringing back the death penalty is no deterrent to them !
can she be first breaking : french far-right leader le pen calls for death penalty
more pen announced she would reintroduce the death penalty if she wins france’s 2017 presidential election
for herself why not ...
why is that breaking news ?
that is the easy way out, let them suffer.
better a hater than a degenerate religious apologist
better than far right wing hater
breaking far-right leader le pen calls for death penalty ”
it will not bring them back & amp ; france would be sinking as low as the perpetrators
i accept u opinion on this. i personally want the death penalty here in the uk.
propaganda om frank imbecile. “ : breaking : french far-right leader le pen calls for death penalty
sometimes you need to kill to prevent yourself/ourselves from being killed
different to capital punishment ... that is defending against attack up is revenge
typical right wing redneck response # more death
she said she would organize a referendum.
video : flashes seen in shop as explosions are heard at site of hostage-taking in central paris
hoping all hostages in both situations are ok.
please do not let anymore innocent people die
the two assassins they have been killed by police moments ago
could u follow me pleade
we already know that cnn is filled with jew hating bastards
the only hostage has been freed
video flashes seen in shop as explosions are heard at site of hostage-taking in central paris
on looks like ambulances are arriving at perimeter of site in paris.
how hard is it for sky news to report that it is a kosher market ???
not 1st attack on . office was firebombed on 2 nov ' 11 over controvers . caricature of prophet muhammad
why jump to conclusions amp ; blame 1 set of people when there is potentially 31 perks.?
there is 31 covers here yet you singled out image representing muslims. why ?
presume because last attack related to cartoon on prophet and last post before attack on isis.
there are many potential attackers. zionists included. why single out muslims ?
seeing they were masked amp ; nobody could see their faces through had to direct people is thoughts
the assailants were shouting akbar through the streets of paris.
the car would have to reverse its way out giving cops plenty of time to catch them
because they shouted akbar “ maybe ?
presumption does not mean guilty. muslim-bashing more like
murders carried out amp ; blamed on another group is regular occurrence. happened in ireland
anyone can say that. how did they get away after being trapped by cops ?
they had to direct people to fact they were muslims by shouting allah akbar
this is not in the name of islam . these ppl do not represent any religion . no matter what
no it is not. : sorry charlene, but that is crap ”
caution attack on could well be an orchestrated manipulation designed to stigmatize a community
please actually read the charlene. specifically 33:57 through 33:61.
sorry but that is crap
of no sensible person would say otherwise.
bullshit ... only deeply religious nuts would slaughter real people over an imaginary god is hurt feelings
pussycat not even a little ! but the people would still have pulses
agree cw majority of are disgusted by this attack !
where does it say that ! seems you are spreading rumors.
so were it not for religion these men would be perfectly balanced individuals, you reckon ?
stop being politically correct. this is islam and the killers did what duran says them to do.
you have interpreted the the same way terrorists do !
there is no justification in islam, or in the duran for this sort of act.
over a cartoon i doubt it
and i say that as a firm atheist.
again , when a cartoon is worth 1000 words | by robert mankoff the sept 2012 | ()
still has a color. should be transparent. lol.
well i am i am white & amp ; i find this very offensive low
that tweet deserves to be featured ! check it out :
that was highly offensive to circles.
police in dammartin-en-goele " now relaxed , " handing out rations of french cheese to journalists .
i wish our cops handed out cheese ...
since they are in ... is not it just cheese ?
nothing says celebration like a piece of cheese.
that is quite a cultural difference
a brilliant bit of news in an otherwise horrific story.
" our thoughts are w/our allies over in france , " spokesman says .
... i bet u can make a messed up joke about this
our thoughts are w/our allies over in france, “ spokesman. ”
so sad our thoughts are w/our allies over in ffrance,"“
our thoughts are w/our allies over in ffrance,"“ spokesman says .”
wow that is so heartless of you to say
more like they are always turning yo
your tweet really makes this page stronger :
tragic thing to wake up to. “ our thoughts are w/our allies over in france ”
our thoughts are allies over in france, spokesman says. ”
wow u always say something messed up because your heartless ...
wow rt our thoughts are w/our allies france, “ spokesman says. ”
o you are doing it for the money ? that is okay. sorry, carry on
why have you all not reported the bombing on american soil yet !????
over a thousand have gathered at martin place to pay their respects . photo :
really for this ugly do pointless
armed amp saudi is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
very low cost program will end high cost terrorism from its roots for ever
less gathering to pay respect and more cronulla riots are what australia needs
strongly condemn the terrorist attack on media office in paris ; terror & amp ; violence have no place in
do v have guts like us to participate against ?
we need to reassure ourselves too ! mt : strongly condemn terrorist attack on media office in paris
violence have no place in any corner of world
terror and violence seem well entrenched in the world
now only condemning will not help, action against terror is must worldwide.
should be twitter handler of prey plus msg of head of the largest democracy should be visible to world
please save citizens from
these cartoons are poignant tributes to victims of the charlie hebdo attack
everyone should just reprint the cartoons rather than these ineffectual insults
blasphemy you have just betrayed yourself as a narrow minded zealot.
these cartoons are poignant tributes to victims of the charlie held attack ”
artists should work for peace and love not hatred and blasphemy.
rt today is french lesson .
i am you are charlie, etc. “
let is stand united and fight the troublemakers join the league
photo : police release a photo of an accomplice to man who has taken at least five people hostage in
and the wants to play their. wake up.
they probably had some t3 or something like that.
now that is another area
is not the news shot down by french minister. he stated it is a false alarm.
just saw on a squad of french cops armed with wwii us m1 carbines.
teen girl in your area :
ah alright. noted. thanks.
fact : most every journalist in india will stand with . but not one publication will reprint their most controversial
do not have to risk their lives - or freedom- individually. everyone publishes the cartoons together.
do not expect our journos to have that kind of integrity
answer a question with a question -- our journos know best
how about eminent journalists like you have the index cartoon as the dp for a symbolic solidarity ?
not an it is a question
she does not want to die
how convenient an huh ?
thank u praise your courage to show the cartoons
satire is controversial ... beat hie wash
would their cartoons be printed in western media tomorrow you think
seen this minister asking every single newspaper to publish !
actually most media has re tweeted previous covers of the magazine, including me
u can answer it lead the way by airing the work !
cartoon as in mode is controversial leader ?
most every journalist in will stand with. but not one publication will reprint their most controversial work.
answer is with you only. dare to reprint/show in india. .
enough of appeasement. now time to oppose and reject the cult of extremism.
in reporting the story , the telegraph has pixilated charlie hebdo is la vie de mahomet :
spineless cowards post the fucking cartoon u pussies
why oh why ?
cowards ... giving in to this murderous bunch ...
quite right. hence put pressure on them to do their job.
the telegraph shows little respect for what these french free-speakers died for
others trying to compromise freedom of speech in the face of this continued assault on western values
no. we are winning.
... because giving in to such pathetic demands has stopped islamic extremism ?
rt the telegraph has pixilated charlie held is la vie de dahomey
you define winning in a strange way.
terrorist freedom of speech 0
spineless cowards. these wretches will drag us down to hell hole.
hard to think that when i see the reactions to these things.
. probably worried might arrest them.
we are totally defeated. they have won.
i would prefer every newspaper in europe to print the cartoon on their front page tomorrow morning
murderers hijacked religion just as the far-right will hijack the murders . cycle of hate .
lowest common denominator. everyone should be suspicious of each other. helps get through restrictive legislation.
no will the state ...
it is becoming a no-risk punt.
i have redone the comic . i can not stop thinking about what happened .
it is so sad a huge hug for all the france ❤
i have redone the comic. i can not stop thinking about what happened. ”
congrats on your tweet !
i have redone the comic. i can not stop thinking about what happened. ”
i can not believe elected a secret muslim.
congrats on your tweet !
because that is not the point. it could have been anything.
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
i have redone the comic. i can not stop thinking about what happened. ”
why a carrot for the representation ? haha
wide and uncompromising condemnations on arab twitter of insane attack on - i hope everyone sees this . do not
thank you. this is very important for a balanced view, are translations available ?
well could not agree more
then listen to us who can
focus on the victims and their family first instead of your fear for general condemnation on islam.
too bad we can not read that scribbling
thousands have gathered at martin place to honour victims . ( via )
at least the restrict muslim immigration, unlike the steeple in europe.
just goes to show evil will never win
does publishing anti cartoons count as solidarity against the muslim cop who was slain as well ?
we will kill the also killed thousands of americans👇👇👇
nothing allows morons to kill people. rip
mocking is mocking as we stand for everything islam stands for.
they are is a religion, it is not peopled. big difference in nuance.
they are not cartoons. that is the problem.
did not kill policeman. these are lies. we chastened france only
anti no. anti extremist. yes !
kills children every day in iraq and syria. france will strike many times
went back for him because he was the wrong muslim. france will not be cowed you devil-worshipper
he is got a sharp point !!!
third thought : defending the rights that charlie hebdo defended means defending free speech , not attacking muslims .
disagree with that remark about muslims. we have schools here that preach death to the infidel
by the mm has repudiated the free expression that the likes of fought for.
perhaps they could return the favor ?
and a cartoon for today by ( via & amp ; )
why is it dated for tomorrow
freedom of expression is essential. islam is pushing the west too far.
" i am charlie " : huge vigils held around france , condemning attacks in paris
i suppose i better start looking around for a good set of bed sheets to wear
need more than need another crusade to clean out the middle east.
you will be and dead if you do not quell islam in your country.
pictures of is terrorism against innocent people pictures
vigils held around condemning attacks in paris via
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
finally someone has woken up to this trash religion and the idiots who follow it.
i am rest in peace heroic cartoonists/journalists
ineffectual gatherings that do not address the problem.
this sums up the absurdity of the killings .
path alum twitter la irvine, practice gave maria 😐
was waiting for your tweet ...
madness rt this sums up the absurdity of the killings.
really sir y r u so their !!
horrific footage shows police officer begging for his life before gunman shoots him in the head
as can be seen by history, increasing tensions have been caused by western aggression
have mercy upon his soul ..... and welcome him into your kingdom of heaven.
they are not from there | they are french | read the report :
that was a specific war when tribes wanted to eradicate the jews.
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
i think i was not talking to you low
how many died in name of catholicism ?
pretty sure the bible encourages you to kill kids in some parts ...
freedom of speech will always prevail whatever terror may happen. isis will lose.
horrible cop pleads for his life and cowardly muslim terrorist shoots him in the head
awful rt horrific footage shows police officer beg 4 life before gunman shoots him in head
please stop sharing that ... this man life was taken for no reason ... this is about respect !
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
when was the last time anyone died for catholicism ? not in our lifetime idiot
i will not be told by you that i am ... when in not.
caring about life lmao
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
i am guessing you are not to up on reality ...
link does not work anyway.
has colonized most of the world with genocide ?
who let immigration into europe ?! and why !!
increasing tensions have been caused by islam.
who let them into in the first place. islamic immigration must be halted !
bob mankoff , new yorker cartoon editor
that is right. true for all times, really.
bob new worker cartoon editor
brilliant bob mankoff, new worker cartoon editor ”
this we must never ever have .... despite everything been done to control our minds
bob new worker cartoon editor ”
it may be topical at the moment, but it is a kipper cartoon from september 2012.
latest pictures from hostage situation at a kosher grocer in the french capital .
an carbine must be left over from 1941 lend lease.
civil war in cities and maybe 3 world war ...
you are right i zoomed in. the sling cutout in the stock fooled me.
i think needs to ask britain for the was
i would think a religious figure is more offended by savage , barbaric slaughter in his name than by a
you do. do not confuse your myopia for history.
try reading books that do not have cartoons in them dip shit
this just shows your catastrophic ignorance. mental midget
if you call a brutal, homicidal dictatorship “ westernized “. read a fucking book moron
the rise of terrorism is on carter, and this mess is one you.
. unfortunate for your position, history disagrees with you.
. truth progressives “ historically side w/the most anti-western component. history proves this.
and what do you think canada is role is you know-nothing fool ?
hence the difference between religion “ and savage death cult following a child raping maniac
no you fucking idiot. but i sure as shit did not support misogynistic, raping imbeciles instead.
. so being correct is the new arrogance.
false. most of the rebels progressives support are very pro-west, just not pro-conservatism. big difference
too bad so sad he saved the west from communism ; blame bush 41 on afghanistan.
of course you do not care. typical
. so was pro west ? are you a dumb ass ?
nowhere have i stated this. your revisionism starts quickly. adjust that tinfoil hat fool
you dolt. you spelled troglodyte wrong. fucking moron
but at least carter and reagan had the cold war to blame their stupidity on
no one will acknowledge this but the egyptian and lebanese governments.
the video from where u.s. military train is here. watch and see everywhere.
no i would not have supported backwards, women killing, acid-throwing maniacs.
i support leaving nations to determine their own futures. i support safe zones and international efforts
is that even ? good lord you are a fucking idiot.
gotta get your own pet terrorists.
what ghastly arrogance you have.
the gunmen obviously missed the “ coexist “ sign on the door as they entered.
they spent themselves into irrelevancy. much like the us is doing to combat an enemy they keep creating
saved the west from communism ? get off the met fool
. and you get history wrong. your point ?
i am we just have to suffer for your sniveling arrogance. asswipes
i support people having some fucking knowledge before they spout off about things.
carter created the ayatollah not the us backing the shah while he raped iran ?
i support us and weapons suppliers not making billions off phony wars that inspire jihad ism
you supported the soviet expansion into afghanistan and its role in attempting to establish a stronghold in iran.
i you voted for him, and he is in the at your satisfaction.
not the particular religious figure in this case. he was down with this sort of thing.
a minute is silence for the journalists and those who protected them .
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
a minute is silence for the journalists and those who protected them. ”
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
please help fund this documentary against homophobia in please give what you can & amp ; rt
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
gunshots heard , smoke seen at site of police operation in dammartin-en-goele , northeast of paris - ,
it looks like the movie : long kiss goodnight
mt gunshots smoke seen at site of police operation in dammartin-en-goele, ne of paris -/
wait , printing the cartoons is too offensive , but putting a wounded policeman about to be executed on your
showing it on a loop. disgusting.
is frightening in their narrative of denial & amp ; truth distortion
i do not even try to understand the hypocrisy anymore.
could not agree more abs shocking
on weds saudi arabia condemned as ' cowardly attack ' . today they flogged raif badawi for encouraging free speech
but that gets reduced better in modern societies in time.
origins definitely are. ah btw most pakistanis in the west masquerade as indian muslims low
the tweet was a reply for amnesty not you 😯
nice for a muslim ? seriously go wash your mouth.
the people have soundly rejected the go bush doctrine, including no longer blind support of israel.
they were supporting in what did they do for the people !
in the other hand they wanted and dream to destroy
however is a lost cause. ... sorry)
amnesty does great work defending many muslims badly treated by wicked regimes
they deserve this level of low language as they he been targeting just because they r instructed by
difficult times for amnesty ... x. .
not from actually but your ignorance is abundant so i am not surprised
i got my and masters from usa. i literally teach you your history.
do you he the courage to go out in public and say that !!!
if you still value any culture over any another, you are not a student.
whilst you have not been to the west you have many theories each a bigger joke than the next
what a rude person. are you buyer because someone ate your cow ?
i have not i used to give money to ai. i stopped then.
i will let this ugly lady respond to you condoleezza rice & amp ; middle east :
maybe you should and create a new constitution as your voice is not heard / represented.
stop swearing this is not the way of the prophet muhammad s.a.w.
their right to exercise standards like the rest of the world !
we are not that backward.
we should never have placed one boot in middle east. no solution can be external
is that what people in indian tell one another ? ignorance at it is peak
so does this apply on government & amp ; as well ?
anyone who violently terrorizes anyone for any reason is a terrorist.
but your governments is always hungry for oil ? all the thugs in the white house.
i think no politicization dare to say the truth about. otherwise his career is destroyed by.
consider each other is opinions and honor them. we all see the world differently
all three of us are. & amp ; me
i know that amp ; & amp ; working in hate & amp ;.
i agree that this was not the way of prophet mohammad. these people hate no matter we do
any statement on us treatment of courageous whistle blowers ?
and are two of my favorite people.
if you are not that backward why your government support destabilizing muslim countries and.
i agree wit you. it was not a reply to you. sorry if you were offended
how do i hate ? i am muslim
what are you fucked problem with ? they have better laws than your fucked up law.
photo : forensic experts examine the car believed to have been used as the escape vehicle in the charlie hebdo
take he says you will be the next. v
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
all they will find is camel hair and semen
. i bet you that car absolutely stinks inside. i mean an absolute horrific odor.
pray for everyone in paris , what happened today is truly sad , i think we lost peace forever .
we are fighting for our freedom of expression, everywhere everybody is in the street
not just until we realize who the enemy is, then utterly defeat him.
remembering the four french " charlie hebdo " cartoonists killed in terror attack today
remembering the other eight who were not famous would be pretty cool of you too, .
rt remembering the “ charlie held “ cartoonists killed in terror attack
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
show the cartoon if you really are in solidarity.
the pen is mightier than the sword , and the cowards were afraid of it . so do not stop
you really do not understand the concept of free speech do you ?
it is no matter to agree or not but of ethics.
nor drawing ... do not stop publishing satirical pictures of religious doctrines
yes i but you do not know what means ethics.
map locating the paris offices of satirical magazine charlie hebdo
rt map locating the paris offices of satirical magazine charlie held
rt map locating the paris offices of satirical magazine
rt to fuck terrorism
. some people need to learn that being offended or insulted does not justify murder.
because 2 billion do not dictate what the rest of the world gets to say.
who gunmen epstein car+trilateral commission too
if you kill people because your feelings were hurt, maybe you are a shitting fucking person ?
so let is also insult 2 billion muslims its ignoramus actions like this that fuel the terrorist armory ?
people should actually know the difference .
tell the hundreds of millions of muslims who do not know.
absolutely. and most other groups have stopped acting like demons.
someone who supports is mentally invalid and a terrorist, of course
thank you for the lesson !
so what you are saying is the attackers were not muslim
both are. are are harm are 💩
well many support the kurd & amp ; in fact israel supports the kurd.
that is 4 sure true !
. far and away have killed more muslims than any other group
and i have heard it too often.
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
your points are already invalid. condemn and support terrorists !
the terrorist is also a muslim. might wanna point that out.
you are a devil ash.
that makes 2 of us !
the need to know the difference and stop their silence. unless they agree with the radicals
it depends how you look @ it.
charlie hebdo suspects are reported killed by police
held suspects are reported killed by police people can breathe
held suspects are reported killed by police ” the police finally shot the right people.
so glad but so sad !
anonymous about to launch go to support !
this is material right here man
sews : charlie held suspects are reported killed by police ”
bury them at sea in pig skin bags
happy to hear about this. finally cowards are assaulted.
iranian cartoonist for
cartoonist for ”
. join my hand for this noble cause. i stand with charlie held -
cartoonist for “
what is the full name of the iranian cartoonist ?
held demanded cartoonist sine apologize for antisemitic satire (1)
cartoonist for ”
then fired him for refusing to do so (2)
the german newspaper berliner kurier printed a new cartoon on today is front page .
with that can not but think you are as delusional as the shooters themselves.
read the then come back and talk at respect
the silent majority still reads the same koran and calls for sharia - no difference
idiot. you talk rubbish. follow the perfect example of mohammad and he murdered his detractors.
me am not part of “ the revolution “ who needs to spread manure.
i do not think they should ' buy ' into this ... take the “ higher ground ... “
you can say without “ implying that ' all ' muslims are bloody thirsty murders.
no you cannot murder our freedom ! “
suddenly every douche bag is an expert on freedom of peach
but it is only funny if one believes did the killing.
or maybe better you can not murder our freedom “
and saying just ignore ? provocation is the basis of debate
difference is all must follow the perfect example of mohammad. old testament just stories
so this the violence of so-called ' holy books ' only inspires the already crazed.
. can anybody please ? thx👍
excellent. all publications should do the same.
really this : christians firebomb paris theater for the last temptation of christ.
the difference. they are not following christ is example. the paris killers are following mohammad is
murdered his detractors. his followers, following his perfect example kill his detractors
so when exactly was born anyway ?
you said that already -- it was stupid then and its stupid now. bye.
likely to stir up more hate, and resentment ... not less !
god knows the world require more understanding of each other, and respect for our differences.
translation our freedom you can not murder “
they should have included some bacon.
i am a muslim and i am trully condemning the france gunmen for their idiotic and barbaric action !
a muslin but god and prophet are the ones whose not leaving us alone
idiotic they have mocked the messenger of god s.a.w. do not defend them.
re tweet this photo then to prove it. “
this photo then to prove it.
be a is murder
how can you defend anyone is rights if they chop off your head ? tolerance of intolerance is cowardice !
tolerance of intolerance is a crime ! ”
i defend free speech until it crosses the line to inciting violence.
it is deadly w/out freedom of speech, america is decapitated.
the of the religions was a volcano ! please rt this silver bullet !
that is exactly what they say. the us has killed and tortured so many.
well he got his that is the cost of appeasement
yup hope amp ; pray we never get 2 that point n history. . .
cowards are they who have zero
you can clearly see that the west was carrying nuclear arms
your tweet takes center stage on
tolerance of intolerance is a crime !
rt this cartoon and pay your tribute show them real face of muhammad
rt rt this cartoon and pay your tribute show them real face of muhammad
see this shows how one man is simply destroying the image of many people.
make fun of god = tax free ..... make fun of muslim god = death free
the and incidents exhibit how the radicals and the are bringing bad name to islam
. that 300 figure is contentious and being investigated under pm la. terrror funds ...
there is nothing wrong with cartoon but how it shows the face of their prophet
to all my friends in france/paris . je suis charlie jb
you have a good
and we love you here 🇫🇷💞
unreal toon : we stand with you , charlie hebdo ( via with )
no terrorists in heaven and i thought jihads go to heaven and 72 virgins etc ...
oh the stupidity of it is this belief in hereafter heaven that makes them kill.
... u he showed d angel as a hindu ... we protest this gharwaapsi of angels
that may be why they were offended.
i never knew that has wings.
this is real too very aptly done great guys
unreal too we stand with you, charlie held (with & amp
frankly not much of a cartoon. too safe
i am speechless , what a cruel attack on pressfreedom ! all newspapers should publish cartoons tomorrow
all ready one newspaper dared to publish it
probably not a great though i agree with the sentiment.
we live in a world where people don’t understand the difference between free speech and hate speech.
the media lack the “ globular pairs “
that should must be happen.
inspire them your call ! mt : all newspapers should publish cartoons tomorrows
yes but then maybe the next target
go on will yours ?
blaming the victims is the most ugly, shameful and cowardly way dealing with senseless and brutal killings.
inspire them with your call ! mt : all newspapers should publish cartoons tomorrows
that is how they want you to think.
this will only offense more people. how smart. is respect unknown to you ?
why is not publishing the cartoons
someone should just do cartoons now to insult these radical terrorist cells.
of course they caused fire killing stuff but adding fuel to it in the name of reaction
there is pictures that are inflammatory to one group or another published almost daily.
u saying to kill you for cartoon of me ? g
i agree. both are wrong but different in severity.
no but at least punish me for slandering you according to law.
proper reaction murder to enforce censorship ? wtf, g
great and those that were offended showed their offense through words, not violence.
people are actually bragging about cowardice as misguided praise for whom btw were not seeking to die for cartoons
terrorists are not judging according to law ! as those did not. itself is middle path.
why is not publishing the cartoons “
thats what civil courts are for, g
thats not a capital offense, g
what if i cartoonist you something that you are not. this is lie and wrong !
really it is time to define itself it is causing too much misunderstanding and violence
why is not publishing the cartoons ” owns its cowardice
i think its respect something that you lack in.
freedom of speech ... without the lesson of virtue ..... will become an abomination ....
killing over cartoons is not islamic law, its bull shit, not in duran g
because you are cowards. but you are brave when calling others cowards.
cartoons vs no g
the lampoon long ago skewered the bible.
nor government did at least in this case related to offensive cartoons.
we like what makes us simultaneously shocked & amp ; amused
show the or you are letting the terrorists win !
why is not publishing the cartoons ” cowards
paris terror attacks : gunfire and explosions at dammartin-en-goele – live updates
rt terror attacks gunfire and explosions at dammartin-en-goele – live updates
watching this unfold on is surreal !!
terror attacks : gunfire and explosions at dammartin-en-goele – live updates ”
terror attacks : gunfire and explosions at dammartin-en-goele – live updates ”
both terrorists were been shot dead ... is what i had heard.
worth remembering jens stoltenberg is words after utøya : " our response is more democracy , more openness and more
imperative that we remember this positive message
that is stupid. that would not have stupid hitler and will not stop islam.
congrats on your tweet !
i am voting for naivety.
all civilized nations must constitutionally ban islam & amp ; kick all muslims out. quarantine on saudi peninsula
our response is more. naïvety “ or ?
the kingdom of heaven belongs to the minds of children
after the charlie hebdo attack , we must resist the clash-of-civilisations narrative | homa khaleeli
it is not a clash of civilizations, it is a demonstration of tyrants.
but that is what the terrorists are peddling. we are proclaiming solidarity with and other gestures
perhaps tempering free speech with respect and responsibility may help.
rt after the charlie held attack, we must resist the clash-of-civilisations narrative | homey khaleeli ”
the only thing i have read with hints of truth after this while charlihebdo incident. thumbsup
that was not intentional though. it was our freedom that was targeted.
no we tried to tolerate this barbaric religion for too long its values are the opposite of thinking people
in sympathy and solidarity with
how does spreading it helps ?
you should send a copy of this to the cowards at channel 4 news.
today is perhaps the best day to introduce people to
mo says 100 lashes if you do not die from the laughter “. i’m crying.
who also in car+trilateral commission
why is mo camera shy ?
jon stewart on charlie hebdo : comedy " shouldn’t be an act of courage "
is not in killing the.
political correctness has made society spineless morally weak lacking any integrity or “ personal convictions “
on charlie held : comedy “ shouldn’t be an act of courage “ ”
.... and we are preparing them as a way of life ... destroy us, by raymond futz murdoch
leave the dogs alone please !! they are noble animals.
seem to b exhibiting way more courage than stand-for-nothing news media
on : comedy “ shouldn’t be an act of courage “ ”
rt on charlie held : comedy “ shouldn’t be an act of courage “ ”
true. he is seen it with his friend, and rosewater.
read comments more important edit page and bloc google of raymond futz murdoch - thanks ...
on charlie held : comedy “ shouldn’t be an act of courage “ ”
tough talk on saving animals/environment/gay rights/abortions other than that conviction less
we are the inventors of bullying in the 21st century ....
comedy has always been an act of courage.
smoke rises from site where charlie hebdo suspects holed up
who supplied cigars to them ?
smoke rises from site where charlie held suspects holed up via
it is done amp ; dusted
it seems police is helpless as not used to handling terrorists, need expert help
arrest who supplied cigars to them
smoke rises from site where suspects holed up ”
rt smoke rises from site where charlie held suspects holed up
smoke rises from site where charlie held suspects holed up “
pres . obama condemns the attack : paris " will endure well beyond the hateful vision of these killers .
hearts and prayers are with the victims, families and french people - we are all parisians today.
the world watches in solidarity. freedom of speech or thought will not be cowed
absolutely heartbreaking what has happened ! twitter users show solidarity to by using
i have a new avatar .....
still in shock ... extremely saddened by today is events in paris.
' break one , thousand will rise ' awesome solidarity cartoons in support of victims
terrorism is an it is time to uproot it. join my hand to support :
those turning on muslims after yesterday’s vile atrocity are doing exactly what terrorists want them to do . me :
major groups all over the world condemned the shootings.
was a good leader tony are you a follower of christ.
twitter is 140 characters so i substituted “ extremist “ for “ racist inflammatory incitement to religious hatred “
they were the main supplier of slaves to the atlantic slave trade.
first the bible then so many fairy stories
u are beginning to sound like the extremists you profess to despise. careful steps tony
true. i did deviate there
stop going into silly wars all across the middle east
c among surely u can do better than that !!!
you do not grasp what killing in the name of greed is ... eh ?
so are you telling me that mohammad categorically did not do this ?
and ditch it only creates division & amp ; hatred towards non-believers
the armed him. of iraq is weapons came from russia.
in the name of god. you forgot to mention this.
like i do not reside from telling truth maybe u sd look @ crap doctrines of unequivocal accept
both extremists and people who blame the whole religion are indoctrinated by the same means.
virtue do you know the meaning of the word.
they are the amp ; if ur muslim u know i speak the truth
i do not condone murder but also hate disrespect shown to religion by cartoons
this is why it is in the tradition of what their leader mohammad did.
. questioning scholars. studying the language and spending a life of reading
the was a political group.
you are entitled to your opinion … my beloved prophet peace be upon him taught me to love
if we trade insults with those we disagree we do not further our faith we degrade it.
have you ever read the duran ? it also forbids violence, extremists interpret it differently.
was that an answer to my question ?
between 16th amp 19th fulani muslims conquered and enslaved most of central africa.
. some of us have hard cock excuses for supporting muslims, love. c'est la vie !
is my identity. if it was not for that i would not be tolerant of you …
no it does not. get ur facts right
you do not even live in gb, sporty.
i gave you example through the era
with similar guidance from your priests. etc
and depiction of a black politician as a monkey ?
very convoluted way of saying you do not believe the pen is mightier than the sword.
satire is aimed at the powerful, not the voiceless. this was not satire, just racism
do not get me started on murderous political actions throughout the world.
tony what language !
rubbish the our'an is not set out chronologically, but from longer 2 shorter verses. the later
i know otherwise the 99. 9 percent of the muslims would have agreed with the delusional rest
very statement. i can hear jesus saying that.
you did not answer my question. was jesus right to think you should love your enemies ?
says the descendant of immigrants who, unlike british muslims, annihilated the indigenous population
tommy u r a true detective. the former but blocked on lineman so had 2 b creative
i myself am a practicing muslim. went to a catholic school. have friends of different faith
what you are stating is not an opinion, it is a falsehood.
welcome to 2014 stupidity is rife.
presumably you disapprove of father ted then you utter div ?
verses take precedence to the earlier & amp ; are notably belligerent & amp ; uncompromising to non-muslims
satire of kidnapped muslim girls begging for benefits is extreme ...
from my very limited knowledge of fulani. did they not originate in n africa ?
are you tony or christopher marlowe ?
true. but he definitely did not use the word soft cock.
peace be upon him and to disrespect jesus for me is a sin
if we just ignore the terrorists, they will probably go away.
i do know he is an idiot. could just be a troll. ignore the trolls.
there is no such thing as an extremist satirist.
i do not usually rt but solidarity ! some of the criticism in comments is spectacularly vile.
as drawing can spark writing can prevent action on irrational generalizations : words = action
are an idiot.
so y do the west kill children with chemicals & amp ; drones ?
the moors conquered most of southern europe and later the ottoman empire.
wow i am not sure jesus would have been proud of tony.
entities have been waging war since day 1.
your beliefs lets put our differences aside and be good humans
whom comparing it to the arabic has cleared that the translation is rough. once an accurate
. he is like the misguided muslims who research by reading books written by fools instead of
maybe because i have more knowledge, understanding & amp ; appreciation of ur history than you do
right so your original point about islamic countries minding their own business is clearly wrong right ?
u do not understand that any hope of atrocities stopping is not through violence
the church of england has lost the virtues of wisdom & amp ; prudence in rowan williams
why does a man who lives in australia care about muslims being in the uk ?
i do not think u could be sure of anything, let alone of what jesus thinks low !
bit of a weak religion that can not take satire. loosen up.
what a bizarre tweet. ? who calls for the pen rather than the sword ?
love your enemies. pray for those who hurt you. (compare and contrast)
it is prob identity from birth- if so then maybe more familial connection than pure islamic ?
solutions and answers are needed. not words. you know what i mean !
mad as a brush. known apocryphal gospel)
..... that is what i thought.
and you profess to be a christian ? may god forgive you
you do not grasp the meaning then, eh ?
here u go it is acknowledged in the faith that he did this
yes the fools read the same thing you do. approx 126 scholars have written to baghdad proving
people must differentiate between attacking an ideology () and attacking those who follow it
was a good man ?
police officer murdered protecting extremist satirists from extremist muslims.
ordinary certainly not v much discriminated against, & amp ; suffering from attacks on them
not words what do you want - a diagram ?
with the states the north enslaving around 1. 5million europeans into slavery.
you can not beat a bit of queensland red neck tolerance
. seem to get along quite well. we have difference of options but get along well regardless
oh you sound upset rambo, plus do not hurt me too
try telling that to children with pens, killed & amp ; deformed by depleted uranium
then you have the in afghan, islamist in north west china, chechnya.
in and jordan waged war on israel.
may also have been misled by a misinterpretation of the text
i practice my faith by studying with scholars and sufi masters … do you practice your faith.
that is there was a time when i thought it reasonable 2 conclude he wrote 4 shakes
are you confusing satire with insult ?
oh just thought it odd given your views you choose identity of a homosexual atheist
i can only guess that yours must b very hard keep rooting for ur peace living muzzles low !!
but do you think jesus was wrong to say love your enemies ?
they seem to love it when there is a terrorist attack tba,
take heart that most have done the opposite
was the most ignorant primate of the church of england since thomcramner
satire takes many forms. but it can not be ' extreme '.
forgiveness is no 1 virtue. but then idiots like you and the french killers twist religion
i also know an old jewish woman throwing rubbish at him and he never retaliated …
and do not cast pearls before swine lest they tear u to pieces
first of all this has been forwarded to a scholar.
i thought it was to love god and your fellow man.
you have little grasp of history or current affairs.
in this case it is correct. i know the history you do not. read.
do u realism that is the only religion which exports its followers 2violence. xtians r 4bidden
are you seriously suggesting organized religion is not powerful ? is not that who it was aimed at ?
... of as your very extremist christian viewpoint
in 2012 the syrian presidents warned western governments not to back terrorism in
why can not asks for russian help to fight terrorist intruders ?
i was against trying to mos sad the assad.
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
how many weapons fueling conflict sold by prince andrew ? assad almost given knighthood
and in 2015 calls is president a “ satan “
of course but in are not, they them !
should be nuked and be done with it !
west need to stop funding wars against these countries and invading their space. problem solved
precisely. it is a shame they never learn from previous wars
photo of man that is holding hostages in the second location in
i take it that the racists you mention are those who are responsible for these atrocities in france.
no surprise there then eh.
another who is also a member of the religion of peace
nice to see the racists out in force today
makes a change no beard !
looks like a black. not them as well ???
sunni extremists behind attack have no issues mocking shia holy figures in their own cartoons :
i can see the cartoon in your profile picture. yours is no different.
oh they you are called dash, takfiri terrorists by all arabs around the world mate
every one know that is iran occupy syria not tunisian or saudi ya layaway
why do not you say the same about saudis or tunisians or chechen or afghans you hypocrite terrorist lover
liars and every 1 know ship make lot song and cartoon against omar and prophet wives
idiots like you should not be allowed broadband
this will mean less support for ur terrorist friends in syria like isis and usa
you are liars. can you proof it is ali picture first !!!!
pool have the right to defend them self against iranian nazi terrorist in
this guy is so moronic i can tell he is going to b a joke already 😂😂
your country is terrorist. syria pool have the right to fight nazi iranian in syria
you too stupid to understand that or argue with
besides racism is not which makes you an air mate, you need 2 bomb yourself asap !!!
every major terrorist act in the last 30 years was done by sunni extremist just like today in france
we hate ... ship the biggest terrorist ... install oil price will go more won
is the biggest terrorist. when you occupy my country and killed my pool this is call terrorist
you leader is and isis occupies half your country
and and assad they killed sunni children in iraq and syria. iran is new nazi
r fighting ... against you salami terrorists attack them from 31 different countries you donuts
are you satanist
typical salami terrorist same as the rest 💀
charlie hebdo editor stéphane charbonnier , killed today , on the " dead or alive " list of aqap (
which issue 10th or 11th
sew are them terrorists yankees ski
lone wolf attack or part of a wider plot ?
i hope that idiot pastor will receive the same thing
they call themselves ' ' ? cuz i do not speak french.
it did not take that long . the first pakistani to say , massacre has nothing to with islam ,
the ' factions ' have infiltrated all parties.
no we can not enough is enough
i am also basing what i have also had 1st hand interaction.
ignored her. my daughter & amp ; grandson was only 1 to take care of her.
i have friends who are oblivious to islam is empirical formula.
hope ppm r putting their heads in the sand. when will enough be enough
do not think that has not crossed my mind. she was in hospital & amp ; they
wondered if the dad would get angry with her.
hate 4 us. he used to tell us about him.
good luck and i sincerely mean it.
i have friends that still deny it but most have come around to see.
no honor killing in your future maryann.
do not agree with our lifestyle. they live here but want us to change
assisting the jihad is their goal.
no doubt you will hear it on bbc and bbc soon.
the father hates lives here, takes all our of our good life but
at least it is not obama and cameron ... yet.
what we need are more people like park fatah. he is never been equivocal at these times ...
it is been both the liberals & amp ; obama who refuse to acknowledge that this
is a threat to our safety. when they do it is begrudgingly.
if he knows she present for the worship/celebration of christ she n danger
can you imagine the danger we would be in if trudeau was in charge.
he is a tool for jihad.
this day has been tragic enough ...
when are our governments going to finally take islamic threat seriously. these are not isolated
really nice little girl, we had her over 4 christmas & amp ; i worry
the ' left ' is full of muslims & amp ; their supporters.
on very unlike to wake up many.
playing with fire. grandsons girlfriend is muslim. family from me,
no i have seen enough up close.
yes amp too many blind ppm that do not take this seriously.
yet they must not be ignored either.
many verses in that calls 4 death of non believers. sorry i have had enough
makes you wonder. my son-in-law had muslim at working that would rant
it is false conflating of islam w/race islam is ideological threat
this is not a left vs right issue. it is a good vs evil issue ...
but not surprising. seem adept at being at our throats and our knees simultaneously ...
most peaceful do not know they are being used to infiltrate. naive
there is a way to fight this evil without condemning all muslims. but not by equivocating ...
hates us. that is a common feeling, they do not want assimilation but
we can not let these atrocities change who and what we are ...
the first thing goats have to do is to stiffen their backbones and label the threat correctly ...
who is conflating it with race ?
never any real out cry from them when this stuff happens. no i do not trust them
the ' freedom of speech ' western hypocrisy ..
jailed for yrs for violating freedom of speech in interview w bin laden
hang on how come he still has his head ?
perverted hate rt : the ' freedom of speech ' western hypocrisy. ”
fired him because his tweets violated |i freedom of speech policies :
what like attacking who gives you benefit and free housing ?
in fact so who is the hypocrite now ?
he is in
of freedom amp ; democracy) also killed with a cold blood cartoonist nazi alkali
take a read please akhi. feedback most appreciated. jzk.
you are cheering beheading of journalists, you fucking psychopath
do not assume he is in europe stupid
just false and stupid. it is seemed you fully ignore what freedom of speech mean.
for both and fucking filthy savages.
no you idiot. a cartoon hating people is not the same as a cartoon ridiculing an ideology.
cameraman released after yrs of horrible in the freedom college of
mumbai lawyer vijay gaekwad in jail for blaspheming the mention in msm as far as i am aware .
is this is the pm.??
is busy discrediting govt ; praising park ; hands full
can not re tweet aka
cc sir if this is true we promise we will not let jp come to power next time.
jews , catholics , muslims , white people , black people . everyone attacked by charlie hebdo , yet who
who else can it be ? fanatic fundamentalists only can do this.
do you already know please tell.
you can not blame an entire religion over an attack. each group has extremist sections.
religious fanatic. or muslim) is not the question.
. : we have to wake up -- america has to acknowledge that we are still at war w/terrorism
this was an attack in another country all together - paris is not an american city fyi ...
is wrong. king declared war was over. i guess they did not get the memo
we do know that we are targets of militant extremists. gees ....
unfortunately terrorism normative ....
why just the whole world needs to wake up ....
.... that conversation needs to be with the president
there are more than islamic terrorists. i hope you wake up too.
no we are at war with.
we in are awake. it is the appeaser in chief who does'nt get it.
sadly we need to realize we are not at war with terrorism, but extreme islam.
it was gone bush who declared “ mission accomplished “
anybody who wants to talk about what charlie hebdo might have done to " provoke " this should probably shut
i guess you know nothing about the freedom of speech. you should shut the fuck up as well
or that. either is good.
pick shut the fuck up “ is the opposite of “ freedom of speech “
and it means they are dumb stupid because it just prove they did not really read the paper
hypocrites like in one screen shot .
looks like her open mind “ went down an open drainage pipe.
she is contradicting her own statement
on this fateful hypocrisies galore.
people like are just attention seeking whores !
'' anyway condolences ... '' is patronizing and being dismissive.
such a classic hypocrite. cant makes this shit up.
ye i sable barbaric religion hie. i hate this religion. 99% terrorist are islamist
as an i condemn the
and you are why ?
why giving attention to idiot she always support all anti indian things.
must have millions its well exposed
try too hard ms. i know its very tough for you to condemn this attack directly.
bat such by agar bat by ruse he. condenm terrorism anywhere pk rightly told story
can not hide their true colors for too long
all of them are doing away make here. nonsense ordinance.
hypocrites like in one screen shot. ”
rt if you respect muslims ( not the fanatics )
as you actually
if u could just read this and show people what i have to say i would be grateful
most important video i have ever seen on … :
i respect not their belief systems or their ideologies.
should i tweet maybe lot people will see it from my act
ill tweet it and ill see lao
you could just rt or tweet the link hahn ink, as you like
if i rt it will not succeed a lot what do u think
. i respect until they show disrespect to me or others.
true story .
true story.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
attackers killed charlie hebdo is chief cartoonists where they sat before massacring nearly everyone else in the room
has been engaged. must not amount to cold blooded slaughter !
freedom of speech ... without the lesson of virtue ..... will become an abomination ....
it is a pity. my condolence to their families
make sure you do not criticize them you commie rag
i feel for any who witnessed this and survived. sudden death grief and trauma brochures :
no leader speaks out
you can not kill free speech
then there is no reason not to post the mohammad cartoons.
with the knowledge and permission of others
who them epstein also in car+trilateral commission
nope. but you can kill the people who speak it tho. apparently.
you try walking around london shouting i am a brit ,,,,
you can not kill rt : “ : you can not kill free speech ”
but you can kill innocent people if you are scum
we’re trying our best in the uk.
it is not free speech to insult somebody ...
we are observing a minute is silence at 11am today . if you support press freedom please share & amp
sorry i missed when have the press ever been free ?
i will be observing the minutes silence at 11am
this is a tribute honoring the charlie held magazine staff
. sews print their cartoons then.
it could have been any one of us
: dark day for freedom of expression as gunmen attack newspaper office .
a very sad day indeed !
rt dark day for freedom of expression attack newspaper office.
terrorism kills not only freedom but mainly peace love and tolerance 😢 from ffrance
it is the terrorists who are terrified. freedom scares the shit out of them.
only if we give in and allow this to stop that expression.
if your religion is worth killing for. please start with self
start practicing an eye for an eye. that is what the extremists understand.
no wonder they wear blacks.
dark day he has custody for the past 2 years !!!
freedom of expression and freedom of speech are non-negotiable and will only grow stronger !
not a dark it should be a day of defiance against this email
rt dark day for freedom of expression as gunmen attack newspaper office
stop supporting like and the barbaric -100% : viva.!
this is what paris looked like last night
standing strong this is what paris looked like last night ”
this is what paris looked like last night ”
yesterday , today , tomorrow
tomorrow rt
and the day after tomorrow war, because stupid fucks will not stop illustrating muhammad.
offending someone is never a reason to kill.
thank you for your support for us french.
thanks so much ... it is means a lot for us ! ❤️🇫🇷 ❤️✏️ 🙏
tomorrow it
at hong kong is foreign correspondents ' club just now .
well he. freedom of the press is the bastion of a free society
we condemn the attack in and pray for soonest recovery for the injured and patience to families & amp ;
how about you condemn those involved ?
such a stupid tweet shame on you !
the pen vs . the gun : on the life-giving defiance of the cartoonists
the pen vs. the gun :
the pen vs the gun : on the life-giving defiance of cartoonists
what 2,000,000,000 not condemning a terror attack looks like.
muslims get judged every day because of all these terrorist attacks . they are victims , not supporters .
the. change your style since it does not matter either way
let is hear an argument instead of an ad nominee attack. do you have one ?
the truth must be
wrong. religion creates immorality and crime. it makes otherwise sane men into murderers.
exactly. it is not an argument. just fact
at the end of the day, religion is often just an excuse for human behavior.
i will put it in language you can understand : your mental penis is about 1 inch long.
that is not an argument. use your mind.
take your caps off. makes you seem less brain dead
well it fitted perfectly. you really are not worth the thinking.
that is not an argument. use your brain.
you have found my new profile pic.
big talk for a little man
in other being puerile is _my_ job !
... portrayed as innocent and the ' superior religion ''
wow. you must have a
i do not support the cartoons or language published by publishers but attack is indeed " sickening " . 11
or else it will become the religion of pieces & amp ; make you pay !
so you are i do not support people is free speech or opinion ... but ?
oh now your in trouble. ; (
i will have to use that one !
i did you said do not print cartoons like this so people do not get offended.
sounds about right. talk about the religion of peace or else
i am speechless
rt i am speechless ”
liberals allowed to enter france !!
live video from standoff north of paris with brothers suspected in the charlie hebdo attack
suspects killed eight
got them. 2 suspects killed in dam martin assault.
live video standoff north of paris w/ brothers suspected in attack -
votes for state - zionists stage false flag operation.
breaking news : gunfire and explosions heard at the warehouse in north-east paris where a hostage is being held .
those hostages are going to die
the brothers are all done
at least one hostage in sidney was killed by police cross fire.
hysteria and escape such as in sydney for example
: if we talk about ‘ war ’ , we fall into the trap set by murderers ,
... ! do not kill the don bass !!!!
killing writers and journalists and cartoonists will not silence them but make their voices louder .
be we in america love your words and tweets !
rt : the gunmen is basic message : if you do not stop calling our religion intolerant & amp ;
who is the next. perhaps some nice scandinavianone ...
and the wests reaction yes we will - but only because we respect your culture
their god is so strong and powerful they have to defend him w/ random terrorist reprisals ?
the world stood united to defend free expression . now it must stand united to defend human life – i
do not hold your breath too long
thank you so much for your well expressed sentiments.
we should all support whether we are or not. the world needs to wake up
only strengthens my resolve not to compromise my identity : he sews juice.
you are but sadly it wont happen. shabbat shalom
france : ‘ dark day for freedom of expression ’ as gunmen attack satirical newspaper
dark day for freedom of expression ’ as gunmen attack satirical newspaper
day it is been a dark era for it !
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
. freedom of expression second thoughts ?
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
violation of human rights is serious crime.
this is a dark day for freedom of expression “
please help fund this documentary against homophobia in.
speech begin the day holocaust challenge became a crime in europe
rt ‘ dark day for freedom of expression ’ as gunmen attack satirical newspaper ”
i condemn attack will / condemn terrorist/resist attack on mosques in france
the attack represents possibly the most direct attack by islamists on western ideals to date .
stop attempting to be a saw, people are being murdered.
no but knee jerk reactions are not needed right now.
have the balls to run towards the light.
interesting i lay back and wait for conclusions
in a magazine that was widely criticized for being far too pro islam and anti israel
would you bet your life it was not muslim ?
is a to the press freedom
i think he meant it was an attack to the press, directly
jumping to conclusions there gunmen have not been identified as yet ?
whatever published should now be published in every newspaper and shown on all tv stations globally
we do not know yet who precisely is responsible, do we ?
but i would want to clearly assess more facts and evidence before making any assumptions.
and he is absolutely right about that. horrific
not even close. perhaps you should study a bit before opening your trap.
um i think perhaps the attacks on sept 11, 2001 were an assault on western ideals (…
there are sources out there saying he is correct.
more workplace violence right ?
well of course that is true
breaking : gunshots and several explosions heard at dammartin-en-goele site in france : reuters reporter
rt breaking gunshots and several explosions heard at dammartin-en-goele site in france : reuters reporter
lets hope and pray that the hostages are safe and that death to the terrorist is swift.
rt breaking gunshots and several explosions heard at dammartin-en-goele site in france : reuters reporter ”
shit rt breaking gunshots and several explosions heard at dammartin-en-goele site in france : reuters reporter
rt breaking gunshots and several explosions heard at dammartin-en-goele site in france : reuters reporter
breaking gunshots and several explosions heard at dammartin-en-goele site in france : reuters reporter ”
so far today the uk media , while reporting on , has pixelated images of a cartoon but happily posted
yeah. fuck free speech
actually the video was edited “ by as well. wish they would not.
. they should have published neither.
all of is scared to death, and when they are scared they appease whomever frightens them
yes twitter and similar are better tools for free speech than mainstream media.
sounds like the media in the us
at the same time the cartoon has been tweeted thousands of times.
exactly. they should show then in defiant support of free speech and democracy !
sorry that in clouded u to
well yes. social media means free speech for everyone - not just those who own media empires
residents of dammartin-en-goele told to stay inside , schools on lockdown , mayor is press office tells cnn .
choose first amendment or third commandment ? you exist for the first n will end for the third
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
and they have weapons. funny isn ' t it ?
is it not possible to get the children out of the school ?
hysterical amp nearly has it !
i hope they destroy those islamic goat fuckers
if they are taken out i hope the police in paris have a woman do the job
how i wish those suspects could be brought in alive !!
i doubt they on allow that.
why are they waiting so long ? they got time now to make the house unsafe to enter.
our ally saudi arabia is such an advocate of free speech that it flogged a liberal blogger with the lash
harry. you have much to say that is worth listening to.
not that look who we have in charge “ choosing “ our allies !
with friends like that.
the more we here of these horror stories the more we know “” has gone mad !!
. we should be ashamed of ourselves as a country for having such ' allies '. absolute disgrace
prince did lots to strengthen us relationship when he had his globe trotting role
and will continue to do so until he has had 1000
media translates " by the way i love you " 2 allah akbar
all that says is “ by the way i still love you “
thank you. and the grab is from local italian tv ?
it is not the national media. not that they would have checked twice.
so ego of v is how muslims should c prob of lang & amp ; ppm
i do not know whether to laugh or cry
shame on and to mayor of andrea sale.
a town in lombardy, governed by the xenophobic legal word.
where is these graffiti from ?
media translates by the way i love you “ 2 allah akbar ” nonostante tutti ...
from a small town in italy where unfortunately i come from ! sad !
by the way we become paranoids (my translation)
" i have never once in my life seen a fanatic with a sense of humor . " -- amos
correct. they have no no mercy and no shame.
editorial cartoonist on the charlie hebdo attack :
not good enough. sorry. just not.
rest in peace editorial cartoonist on the charlie held attack : ”
lazy scared art. want a powerful image. make it mohammad holding the pen
in defense of it was a lot more than i expected
this depiction would certainly fire up the terrorists. it is also offensive to all the good muslims.
try to be a good human. not only a cartoonist.
editorial cartoonist on the charlie held attack : ”
rt editorial cartoonist on the charlie held attack :
she is apparently the only one in the organization with any courage. show covers.
it is true that cartoonist on this photo was murdered ?
editorial cartoonist on the charlie held attack : ”
will run the actual or just “ tribute “ ?
are saying the editor is coveting the idea of forgiveness 😰 while in hheaven
editorial cartoonist love is strong than hate ”
would not that just be a floating pen ?
armed shooters kill in are “ good rebels “ but same shooters in are terrorist ?
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim.
" love is stronger than hate " is stronger than racism/ultranationalism/fundamentalism . and art is stronger than bigotry
history shows these nasty ideologies are short lived. it does not them any less painful and vicious.
language is much more powerful han another language. just want to remind.
the world is stronger than islam
paris terrorist attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor : sources
who behind this do not talk about that or someone is feelings will get hurt.
now whole world understand why always afraid to speak/stand against secular terrorists in india
no way we all believe in god !!
where is on leaves.
martyrs terrorist attack kills 4 cartoonists incl chief editor : “
terrorist attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor : sources
these four are irreplaceable. geniuses. seriously you do not have those in america,
will work day night to prove that it is act of saffron terror.
. moment deep sorrow for world once again.
is in it a high time the world does ' something at this. nobody is safe anyway
should saints act in the same manner to save their pride ?
my question are they secular terrorists or saffron terrorists ?
now we know why the demand of 4 kids ....
its very a sad amp ; serious development ... look what we have lost
satirizing and mocking religion is sacred . stand with
we have already lost not 1 uk paper had a mo cartoon on its front page !
being deliberately offensive is a violent act, itself ? tolerance is a virtue !
but why not show a cartoon ?? o/wise have not terrorists won part of their aims ?
but is not blasphemy still law in scotland and northern ireland ?
nor does one have the right to deliberately offend. bullying not mark of intelligence !
you equate with the nazis ? strange, i see closer parallel with militant atheists.
violent reprisal is wholly wrong but more tolerance, less deliberate offense is better ?
bigotry is but another form of extremism.
do not disagree with that but much bigotry directed at islam not violence.
what about piss and no one was killed.
was making jokes about and the nazis during ww2 bigotry ?
as long as we can also satirize your beliefs, life style, sexuality ?
deliberately inciting violence is rightly illegal but you have no right not to be offended
but we usually do !
is an important weapon in fighting extremism
absolutely. no time for those who call for legal action against people making anti gay comments
victims of the paris terror attack :
may they rest in peace. no disgust for any satire can justify threats and violence and murder !
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
to the victims families and the people of france you are in thoughts and prayers
there not victim when they put down people. like the news channels.
french president says there is no doubt attack on is terrorist attack .
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
. find the spineless pigs and execute them.
is a complete stop calling him french president, we did not really vote for him
today all countries from to america including muslim nations facing life threat from muslims
flashback : white house condemns cartoons ( 9/9/12 )
faith traditions such as beheading slaughtering innocent christians and jews.
that is exactly what happened. black and white.
mt this is journalism we condemn cartoons
that is called taking a strong stance for islam.
is always on the wrong side.
so did the govt and others. it was not just the
you are despicable and that is being kind.
say it like it is. shows how far off kilter the left actually is.
“ : flashback : we condemn cartoons (9/9/12) ””
do not forget sally ride “ john () the latest show of idiocy.
they are all a bunch of fucking hypocrites
. every publication in the world should print and reprint those cartoons.
whose side is the on ?
that was my only point kyle. you got it in one.
flashback : white house condemns cartoons (9/9/12) ”
not difficult to see where obama is allegiances lie.
. cowardice on free speech has been bipartisan. whats ur point ?
let us be the criticized freedom of expression and speech to be politically correct ?
of course the bastard in the white house is a muzzy traitor
you mean w bush when he did it ?
i would expect nothing less from a pro muslim administration !
this is journalism flashback : white house condemns cartoons (9/9/12) ”
did you hear about the by british muslims at french embassy london yday ?
think of as merciful. . .
paltry number yet when happens thousands come out to demonize israel. just shows their real feeling
all 6 of them great effort !!!!!!
seems you got a good turn out there
. from to e
did you notice my too ?
i wonder if the embassy will be opening a condolence book ?
too few amp that is the problem !
so how can you prove mohammad stole from jesus and put in the duran ?
nice idea but does not exactly look well attended does it ?
just because we are not there physically does not mean we are not there spiritually/wholeheartedly
can we say then stole all from moses and put in bible ? what a logic !
apparently its not true
at last a truthful article copied from
the right to mock & amp ; criticise religion is a key tenet of a free and democratic society ,
son. i know you fuckers like the goats too much. baaaaaah
i have seen saw 1 and saw2 thought they were great movies. love cary elves
why it is a fairy story
how will you ever find the time to do the laundry let alone go and kill people
such a big man he blocked me. chicken shit.
kill me please. knob.
well said ex hope twitter can get rid of his ilk.
that maybe your belief not mine
goats goats. not girls.
jelly. you are on benefits u cunt. lol.
this guy should be tracked and arrested for the death threat on
not blocked me yet. must try harder
say goodbye to your twitter account. that is a death threat.
fundamentalists get a few victories against unarmed women and children and think everyone else will surrender.
brilliant piece by on how the paris shootings must not lead to more islamophobia :
no mention of militant in the piece. he is avoiding the issue by concentrating on islamophbia
i think one of the cops shot yesterday was a muslim man ?
no to but yes to images that muslims find offensive. it is tricky ...
why would shouting revenge lead to islamophobia(new word) again and again error
the problem is how to stop these outrages. all else is just noise.
meanwhile in book harm kill 2000 in one day ...
you cannot compare to norway. very different.
does anyone know if are over represented in male prisoner population in norway ?
before people turn on they should remember that most the victims of islamism are muslims themselves.
said it betters without silly comparisons via
everytime a satirist is murdered , 1,000 more satirists rise up to take their place .
i love and while i condemn the murders, i also condemn racist caricature.
did you accept those satirists in heaven though
congrats on your tweet !
suspects killed , according to .
suspects according to. ”
the surviving staff at have just announced that the magazine will publish next week -- on schedule .
the surviving staff at have just announced the magazine will publish next week -- on schedule.
with or without gratuitously offensive cartoons about mohammad ?
with more blasphemy than i hope.
that is courage and a fist right up the rear of terrorists
this is what courage look like.
sure an absolution bravery and love for human values.
the correct well done them.
yeah that is the definition of hardcore.
these cartoons are all poignant tributes to victims of the charlie hebdo attack
... ! do not kill the don bass !!!!!!
satire is a symptom of a healthy society and always a prime target for fundamentalism . there is no '
yes in you can slag off christianity mock it deplores it but islam is supported by our laws
i honestly do not know how you deal with an extremist evil like this though.
i know. but the law has no business trying to stop people feeling offended.
not until have finished with that threat to our way of life, katie hopkins.
wish every human treated each other as they wish to be treated, real simple life, but ....
but ... extremist on both sides of anything ... usually taught that way as kids.
i mean morally the law is all over the place on this
indeed. the remnants of laws on blasphemy and lese-majeste alike need to be swept away.
i agree. but these butchers will keep coming with these random attacks.
yes they will ... that is the world we are always in : personal choices-actions-consequences ... and me ?
even after the ' insulting ' bit had been removed from the public order act ?
they are barbarians and totally at odds with vast majority of muslim world. they are evil.
random in the sense of being seemingly out of the blue. this would appear to be targeted.
total agree ... and what is ; does to women/children in their own community ? beyond disgusting
not sure i consider the uk is justice system ' healthy ', tba
and every atrocity by any extremist should be condemned equally.
extreme fundamentalist is as deadly as “ christian extreme fundamentalist “ blowing up abortion clinics
deliberately stirring up religious hatred is unlikely to end well.
latest : at least 11 dead in shooting at french magazine ; france raises terror alert to highest level
the municipal police do not the 3 others branches do.
let me see now. kill them ?
cops do not carry guns wt
refer to my last post … not all french police carry guns.
not exactly the national police carry guns, but the local municipalities generally do not.
get a gun. should not scare anyone.
i always do i highly recommend it
oh have a great day and do not forget to pack
so sad. praying for the victims and their families.
you shoot them in the face. very simple
coming to soon thanks to obama.
because they have worthless liberal cowards running their country too
why do not police carry guns ? makes no sense.
i always do ! i highly recommend it ” low, i will remember that .....
my guess is that will change very soon. ” 👍
the two guys that were cops that were killed did not carry guns
my guess is that will change very soon.
they carry guns. they do.
coming to soon thanks to obama. ” god forbid. this scares me.
the need for house of worship security and emergency preparedness has never been greater !
they carry guns. they do. ” thank you
the magazine covers the islamic terrorists did not want you to see
they do not represent and own islam stop helping them !!!!
but that is what they are !
godless heathens they thought they could kill the magazine, just gave it mega airtime
yes. is completely against violence to humans, animals, environment and all creatures.
i hate hate french racism 2 arabs & amp ; africans & amp ; balks more,...
led an army and killed those who opposed islam. not a value judgment, just history
so religions say a lot of things. obviously, they thought those people were not innocent
sabra i agree with that 100%
i condemn the cowardly attacks. terrorism is not religion. this inhumane. god bless everyone
of course all should not be blamed.
thanks so much for sharing. just added it here :
nothing in history would bear out your conclusion
who the fuck are these philistines they decide who lives and dies ? stop defending these cowards.
when you call them islamic “ terrorists you allow them to own an entire faith stop !!!
what would you call them then ?
god bless all the families who tonight are in pain over their loss
forbids evil and knows their intentions. all muslims should not be blamed for what those did
this has nothing to do with christians it is about a bunch of godless heathens
good. faith is worthless. step into modernity and use your reason.
if they thought they killed the magazine they just gave it a world audience # idiots
not interested in debating history just talking about the rats in paris today.
how do you shout god is good then fire your gun on a defenseless person fucking cowards
you can be born by birthright does not make you a christian. same thing. philistines dogs
one of the most compelling & amp ; relevant things i have seen on so far . pics say more
we all must stand with massacre at
sarkozy on in 2011 : prefer “ an excess of caricature to an excess of censorship ”
cartoons drawn for held :
really how these ppm were living n working in france.
insulting and is a not freedom of speech.
they need a reason to invade middle east and exploit their petrol.
you'r stop invading countries.
that is just your opinion. there are 100s of gods. all worshipers claiming they are right.
lets see this block button does what ?
it is us who created terrorists.
why would they create a terrorist groups that worships islam ?
is a huge difference between being offended n taking a gun n going on a rampage
rt on in 2011 : prefer “ an excess of caricature to an excess of censorship ”
how do u know that ?
ghosts hell my parents were not even born then. you radicalism
you are the coward who killed innocent people with atomic bombs ... looser ...
threaten me with killing by atomic bombs and i am the radical ...??? you stupid racist looser ...
does not justify killing innocent civilians in mass.
you see ... you are also offended right ??? that is how it feels dude ...!!! got it ???
bingo ... that is right ...
right. and you should have used atomic bombs and killed innocent people.
invaded and created invaded iraq and created isis.
why would they create a terrorist group that worships islam ? makes no sense.
believe it or not ... there is only one god. and his name is allah.
look i respect your i would like to end that discussion. sorry if i hurt you.
killed your soldiers. but you killed innocent people in mass ...
similar how solar system = newtonian physics, atom = quantum physics. very different
countries should stop colonizing countries. invasion is the reason of terrorism.
so taking over n syria is example of american colonization ? lol.
are you aware the whole world economy is going down and us will bankrupt very soon ???
terrorists are not a muslim can not be an is forbidden in islam.
and i will respect yours and those of others but i will never condone killing anyone.
so formed them ?
that is so 69 years ago, that is war that is how war hours
in this time of catastrophic economic crisis you need the oil in the middle east ...!!!
japan should not have attacked the us.
is the one who irresponsibly provokes people and hides behind so called freedom of speech.
besides i m n atheist. to me all religions including yours n the one i was born into
ask me if i care ???
why is religion particularly more sacred than the rest ?
charlie hebdo will publish one million copies next week with help from google
hey wait a that is exactly what the terrorists did not want.
held will publish one million copies next week with help from google ”
it is amazing how extremists do not understand the concept of viral marketing.
guess better ramp up security at their campus now - just a word of caution
held will publish one million copies next week with help from google ”
good work all charlie held will publish 1m copies next week with help from google “
what does have to do with it ?
i am are they pissed at obama lately ?
will publish one million copies next week with help from via
held will publish one million copies next week with help from google
publish 1 million copies next week with help from ggoogle"“
brilliant will private eye do something as well ?
photos : thousands gather to express solidarity after attacks in paris .
photos thousands gather to express solidarity after attacks in paris. ”
freedom to speak n freedom to kill are the same
photos thousands gather to express solidarity after attacks in paris. ”
photos i was here last night at place de la république !
thousands gather to express solidarity after attacks in paris. ” -queria her do a paris
up call pro supported vs
i bet their mother is proud she raised two murderers.
murders breaking video ; & gt ;
i can confirm that the people of gaza are totally terrified just in case anyone is interested
that s right we are not afreid♥☺
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
photos thousands gather to express solidarity after attacks in paris. ”
the response to these attacks has been incredible. a brave example of human spirit.
good backgrounder from the new yorker from 2012 : the charlie hebdo affair : laughing at blasphemy
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
rt can not sleep tonight , thoughts with french cartooning colleagues , their families & amp ; loved ones
beautifully put. thoughts with them all.
so true ... thank you !
saving that tweet it is now featured on
never kill in name of god
mt rt with french cartooning colleagues, families & amp ; loved ones ”
exactly. beautiful and says so much more than 3 words.
true. no enthusiasm for tweets other than to demand the eradication of these hideous creatures. disgusting,
israeli swat team unit specializing in hostage situations on standby , ready to travel to paris to assist french
how can is been semites ? i have said nothing about the semitic palestinians.
this does not seem nor a particularly good idea.
so clear today that anti israel really is antisemitic bigotry.
yup ... except that you euro trash riffraff are not even semites
no room in my for uni celled halfwits such as yourself, lou. . and you
do not they love to grand stand and stick their ugly jew nose everywhere ... how revolting
ask mos sad to take the situation in their hands like they did for kenyan hijackers. shalom !
an idiot and a bigot. stifle yourself.
planning to take hostages next ??
yes swat is expert in killing “ terrorists “
tell them to instead go to hell.
is one of the reasons these fanatics justify the evil that they do
where was this team to help shalt. funny news
your time would be better spent packing up and going home to mother russia.
pipe down there greasy fingered ashkenazim.
they came without guns yesterday.
none of my ancestors were even on vacation in russia.
a by any other name, is still a bigot
so clear now that are really anti semites
you keep telling yourself that ashkenazim.
play as you wish with semantics. in the end it is still bigotry.
stop trying to suck up to france so you can get their vote at another un conference
saudi arabian condemnation of paris terror attacks are hollow as they whip a blogger for " insulting islam " .
our friends in the middle east "
this government would trade with satan himself if it got gdp a little higher.
also hypocrisy as key to spreading wahhabi creed that underpins militant islamism.
prefer not to use phone. thanks, anyway. will find, sign and share. disgraceful ...
they r the biggest providers n endorsers for these lunatics
three year sentences for ripping up a photo of the king “
link to please
no ethics. money power and both corrupt.
thank you for putting this out there.
and then bush invades !!!!
and they intend to do this every week until he repents ', campaign please sign and rt
there are many ways to honor . one is to abolish all blasphemy laws in europe
. by closing down faith schools.
blasphemy laws are something from dark ages they should be wiped out
i did not know there were any. well
are there actually blasphemy laws in europe ?
we should start a petition via 38 degrees or ?
theres blasphemy laws in ? what the hell ?
laws still exist in many ms(recent application in greece) . condemns abroad but not at home
how could anyone in their right mind have such a law in europe ?
like that would stop any fanatical murderer
could you please be more precise ?
if you tweeted but will not tweet today , i think we can all figure out the reason .
if i decline to tweet “ i am jew “ i am suddenly an anti-semite ?
maybe because i know what charlie means but not “ jews “ ?
not sure the world is made a better place by describing a large group of individuals as antisemitic.
how impartial you are ' i will try the whole cause and condemn you to death ? read
one has nothing to do with the other
my uncle and grandfather smuggled jews into sweden at great risk to themselves.
give them their land back !
this wont trend in a million years guys.
your insincerity transcends the barriers of the internet.
we should all change our twitter avis to say
tweets like this play straight into the terrorists ' hands. stop trying to divide people.
perhaps we could leave at and avoid “ spinning “ this tragedy.
i can easily tweet i could never tweet though i pray those terrorists are brought to justice as well
freedom of expression , it seems , should not be taken for granted . rip to those who died defending
twelve intelligent guys died because fanatics ... crazy world ... freedom of expression, symbol of democracy ...
charlie hebdo staff vow to publish next week with 1m print run
why can not the guardian get a deal to run copies here in uk i would buy it ?
. gt rt charlie held staff vow to publish next week with 1m print run
breaking religious taboos is held prepared to take the risk of further attack by continuing provoking extremist ?
of the flotilla says was the fault of the israelis ! you old not make it up !
i am glad. the pressure is on to make it as poignant as possible.
boa mt held staff vow to publish next week with 1m print run
hope does reprint in as many world languages as possible
what we do and do not know about the standoff with the charlie hebdo attack suspects
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
would be proud.
speak for buddy
the hostage would be a woman !!
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
i used to love this newspaper. until you decided not to publish the caricatures.
what we do know to chicken to print cartoons ... emboldens all terrorists
photo 2 terrorists on the new hostage in incenses paris.
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
have they decided to napalm the place yet ? “ is the bigger question
free speech must not be silenced in the wake of charlie hebdo attack
did not you pix elate the cartoons you gutless cowards ?
it sure should not be.
the guardian practicing what it preaches ... hahahahahahahahahahahaha !
that is another problem that is also shit : & lt ;
rt free speech must not be silenced in the wake of charlie held attack ”
england ought to teach a thing or two about how to deal with islamic terrorists
far left have to disagree, centrist liberal paper in my book.
rt free speech must not be silenced in the wake of charlie held attack
how about a semitic slur to prove free speech is protected ?
... and had a fucking spine !!
free speech does not grant you the rights to be a stupid asshole to others.
cartoons on the front page tomorrow then.
muslims pray for the friday prayer next to a sign reading in saint-etienne , france . by
i am a blasphemer of muhammad salallahu lead wassalam.
they wanted held and their staff branded illegal and punished
yes. the prophet is big enough to deal with insults
a picture of a naked “ prophet “ with his private parts visible, freedom of expression ?
so proud to be a blasphemer
what on earth do praying have to do with the killings at charlie held
they are showing their support to those killed
they have freedom of speech too. it is not like charlie is a saint organization.
. they have a right to try. aliens ? many are french.
yes its amazing how they know exactly which point of the compass to bow
. they funk each other while prong in a place of opposed worship ?
as anon you may be and then burn in hell ...
as i will say “ hell on all terrorists. “
sentence under if truth is not free, then freedom is not true “ j. prévert
because is not allowed to pray there.
congrats on your tweet !
france
let´s get serious about and west is double standards on freedom of speech !
i know and reject this act. this is not islam.
everything is not meant to be said/written/drawn.
go grasp the language first you ignorant wally
i fail to see why the death of millions of jewish people is funny. enlighten me please
i do not think you get it.
it seems you missed that one among many others :
this cartoon is going to get someone killed
well according to your mentality that is just your opinion
they are only to this world. have both the worlds.
i stand with palestine
this is a terrible analogy
people are still under attack in palestine .... standards hey
no ham fire rockets from schools and hide behind children israel is under attack,
paris , london , madrid , san francisco , new york . video footage from gatherings around the world :
in 14 amp & amp ; re tweeted bravo !
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
gatherings around the world : “ stand together. ths is who sold he hands after
tomorrow is front page , from the pen of cartoonist
and they are your pens wont silence our guns “.
the quote is heart wrenching.
nice one and herald ! a finger up for freedom of the press !
are you prepared to publish a muhammad cartoon ? otherwise this saccharine solidarity ai not worth jack
what is any of this got 2 do with the herald ? nothing like being patronizing.
we all must stand with charlie at
i read that as murder will not silence our penis “ god i need sleep
and no quotes from kiwis in paris complaining how it spoils their holiday. good job.
tomorrow is front page, from the pen of cartoonist ”
great work brilliant front page.
editor was not afraid : " if [ extremists ] are not amused by our cartoons , they do not
well it certainly leaves us wide open for a korean tirade of sorts.
expected reason and not fury. so terrible.
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
paris attack : nothis is the worst act of terrorism in france for 50 years '
which from the next target of terrorism ? be alert ...
minute of silence for . my heart is with france . together we will protect our values
have their own too. so has the rest of the world
war profiteers x would and in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
maybe you can change your profile picture ?
citizens living in stand together with french friends. we are stronger than terrorism !
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
war profiteers x would in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
we did nothing so far to protect our values.
you certainly know who benefits from the attacks. russian nationalist wrote about the collapse of europe
shooting : what we know so far
let is have some civil discussion about how islam treats women.
shooting what we know so far !!!!
denying the role of is not information. it is intellectual dishonesty and hypocrisy.
wake up. is not your friend.
rt shooting what we know so far
shooting what we know so far ”
rt shooting what we know so far
shooting what we know so far ”
most thank do not emulate mohammad, as they are supposed to.
. agreed radical religious is shameful & amp ; disgusting. but so is blaming random for terrorism
i am sharing a fact everyone knows but must are reluctant to say publicly.
. there is a huge difference between islam and radical islam. two completely different things
true because of the people in charge. have you seen pictures of afghanistan 30 yrs ago ?
civil discourse refers to discoursing in a civil manner, not agreeing with every opinion.
your twitter tag is civil discourse ! does not that mean you are open to differing opinions ?
so please tell us what approximate percentage of muslims are what you consider “ radical “ ?
ideas hatred and blanket prejudice are hard to condone
there is. i have met wonderful, kind, peaceful muslims. blanket assumptions will always be wrong
rt shooting what we know so far ”
your prejudice and hate are not welcome here. this is a place for the sharing of information.
rt shooting what we know so far “
please do tell the twitter verse, gentle white liberal sympathizer- what do they contribute to the world ?
yes one beheads people while the other sits by silent and implicitly approves. thanks for clarifying
shooting is nothing short of on basic of frees peach. highly
i do appreciate thank you !
it is not hatred to oppose a supremacist, sexist cult responsible 4 mass murder.
by radical i mean capable and desirous of violence “ - what is that percentage ?
thanks a lot for sticking to the facts and leaving out the guess-work !
so so cowardly. : shooting : what we know so far ”
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
is quickly spreading as a sign of support to victims of today’s shooting
this horrendous poor ppm so sorry
your tweet really makes this page stronger :
hook bid taken were en be wonder (fight cry pray draw work and admire)
terrorists were on no fly list , known records . mr. president , can we now revoke the passports of
proving conservatives wrong is way more important that human lives to liberals.
... and stop releasing the ones we already have in gizmo. this is not rocket science.
no. we will not revoke terrorist passports. sincerely, valerie jarrett.
.... that would be profiling & amp ; profiling is wrong !
always common ground somewhere. wish we’d focus on that more in our national conversations.
the lies especially bozo does not want to offend these people they are still trying to appease.
i knew that. i am sorry. first cup of joe (not joel)
that is a good bet joe.
to prove how “ wrong “ their political enemies are.
liberals could screw up a vacant lot but think they should make decisions for everyone else.
ugh. i hate agreeing with you. why do you have to be right occasionally ?
that might hurt there feelings if he did that. also it might be racial profiling. lol
smoke , gunshots reported at site of standoff with suspects in the attack on charlie hebdo
pray for an emblem of the planet earth
terrorist lives did not martyr
press " must stand together to send the message that murderous attempts to silence us will not stand "
strongly condemn this brutal attack ! the magazines must be careful ... publishing unwanted sentimental materials !
encourage every global newspaper to reprint the cartoon.
double standard when get rid of for speaking out ???
press freedom must be there but under some code of conduct !!
how will you publish cartoons in solidarity or offer platitudes ?
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
extremists cannot accept their distaste free expression.
side for some time. what we are talking is national survival.
2 held ' 79 to ' 15
is a heroic bastion of free speech . it is also racist .
it is not a bastion of free speech. seriously, where do you get these silly ideas ?
rt is a heroic bastion of free speech. it is also racist.
in an ideal this would be a good starting point for a dialogue.
is a religion not a race, get the basics right
it is not. not at all. sorry, but that is a total misunderstanding
absolute face palm rt is a heroic bastion of free speech. it is also racist.
agreed. measured and realistic.
one of the few actually thoughtful pieces.
. is by a school on lockdown where students echo sentiment .
in this picture resembles his governing brother.
is by a school on lock down where students echo sentiment.
is by a school on lock down where students echo sentiment. ”
they will die as not martyrs.
fyi - the cop was muslim ! rip ahmed merabet . blame terror , not islam !
unfortunately it appears that most victims of islamist militant/terror attacks are muslims.
how hypocritical all this is ...
cant believe they actually showed this on tv.
well said. an extremely valid point.
we are and we are fighting terrorism, terrorism has no religion. believe
sorry but this west industry. not muslims ☝👆☝👆
taking about shooting yourself in the foot
what why do i fit this statement ?
i am glad. although we have different religions we believe the same principle.
must however consider the fact that islamic teachings consistently produces fanatics/terrorists ?
the only thing common between us. is the search for a living 😸😸😸😸
but mud just stick to their com they r haters from their core of the heart !
dr ali from the irish islamic culture centre just said he would seek legal advice if any journalist tweets one
but criticizing him would surely constitute cultural imperialism on our part ...
any chance someone can that part of the interview with ali ?
can go himself.
for the attention of ali.
feel free to refer the good doctor to me.
i can give him some geographical advice - he is not in saudi arabia now
in which i hope every irish journalist tweets it
why would not he when blasphemy is a criminal offense in this country
that blasphemy law is still on the books here, right ? errr ...
true colors showing trying to excuse the violence of this morning !
then my less than eloquent response ... fuck ' em
where did he say that ?
that probably was not one of his wisest comments ever !!
what this is the kind of nonsense you get when blasphemy is an offense.
you can listen to it here :
i see this cartoon by is doing the rounds . and rightly so .
i see this cartoon by is doing the rounds. and rightly so. ”
it is not. it is blank.
dual hostage crisis ends : suspects killed , ‘ several hostages freed ’ at supermkt
good that is the only way
dual hostage crisis ends suspects killed ‘ several hostages freed ’
good riddance to that scum. they will not be missed
impressive police work good job france !!!
there is never justification for violence because one is offended by a cartoon . ever .
remember sticks a stones cartoon can never hurt u. senseless killing of innocents
there is never justification for violence because one is offended by a cartoon. ever. ”
your post rocked enough for me to add it to my page, cheers
so true and yet so sad !
do not use rational reasoning to those who are irrational !
check out your tweet on my site
love will win from hatred
he said we should forgive but not forget “ i commend that
right you are gena hail !
editor of charlie hebdo has been liberal & amp ; righteous . salute to all the cartoonists martyred at the
he died believing laws would.
you are absolutely right and your statement is justifiable. thanks for upholding the ethics of journalism.
the current world is tragedy is '' one is terrorism is another is freedom fight ''
please enjoy this culturally , ethically and politically correct cartoon .
for liberal all that is missing is the “ piss christ “
that is like puking up food you never ate ....
this is a white supremacist cartoon - you can never satisfy politically correct retards
reminds me of the christmas pageant from “ south park “.
never was one for political correctness.
i am offended by the racism -- where are the blacks and other coloreds ?
stand in solidarity with fight for free speech.
thanks truly for posting this pithy, poignant bit of brilliance. mt
i am sure there is a blind left winger somewhere who finds this offensive.
... is this all about white privilege ...? your racist !
it is white so it is racist
that is rich. thanks.
saudi arabia condemns killings at charlie hebdo but calls for an international law to criminalise insults to islam . amazing
like the way religion does ?
family towing to the imams so they can stay in power ?
. i think at this point, news of the like are anything but amazing.
interesting to see what happens when the present king dies ...... batten down the hatches ??
standing by ..... hope the rest of the family have a plan otherwise ............
racism about them news flash its just tom and jerry.
wow now not that a contradiction ?!
remind me to put your name forward for the diplomatic service.
should be expelled from human rights watch.
in we call it kodak ... and you know ?? bhahahaha ....
china will veto it faster than you can say ' blasphemy '
i demand an international law that insists we tell the house od said to go fuck themselves.
what is happening at the moment is really bad ! i respect every religion ! but this is just terror
thank u so much be for your support, it means a lot for me 🙏💘
thank you for your it means a lot for me, and us.
i am and it is very scarring ...
thank you so much for the support ! it means a lot ! je t notice 🇫🇷❤️
french police asking media to not broadcast live images at scene of paris hostage situation so police locations are not
pay attention amp !
this is a special message to is it not ?
these animals have hostages godspeed ...
" 100 lashes if you do not die of laughter . " eleven people killed over this .
seems to disrespect and not islam.
saying that we know the motive when the unidentified killers are still at large is unnecessary and stupid
they died because of radical islam, not because of a cartoon.
well here is the oeuvre to rt
in fact the precipitating satire was directed at isis.
best response to attack -- other than catching and punishing killers -- is to escalate blasphemous satire .
after bombing the women and children in an attempt to head off isis
so why does ppm in your area give a fuck about a cartoon in france ?
i just do not see satire as ' kicking ' anyone
good choice of most chinese are poor
its all just as much b.s as that part anyway. whatever
i agree entirely. their reverence must not be ours. they cannot kill everyone.
yes they can not stop us all !
are you laughing at the asinine tweet ?
if your neighbor was raped you do not care because he is not fucking with you ?
leave alone that sounds like a great plan
so ppm are mad at a cartoon about the isis leader ???
leave them the fuck damn, what is wrong w white guys ?
you can not win an argument with a stupid person.
is not it just easier to treat people how u want to be treated ?
i am laughing cos its true
it is true that it is an asinine tweet ?
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
dear , if you can not handle being lampooned then you are not ready to be politically relevant .
that tweet is satirical !
it just went crediting you, on my
except that was created by cia/mos sad, and is not muslim ; all is zionism ;
could not have said it betters ! that tweet is now on my
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
they seem to think that if people voted against cartoons, that would have been ok.
. you are looking at the black beating heart of the political, you fuck wits.
thanks so much for sharing. your tweets is now featured on media we aggregate
take for example. politics is a homogeneous people making friend-enemy distinctions with a view to war
that tweet deserves to be featured ! check it out :
the sparrow lies on the contrary, bemoaning that isis will not join depoliticized liberal democracy
i doubt that they are the sort of people to be concerned about such an admonition.
creating environment for heinous idiots to evolve if we had president w/ at the time
just shared your tweet on my
several paris supermarket hostages seen being evacuated in photo
the created qaedapictures and videos
rt several supermarket hostages seen being evacuated in photo “
luckily is not in africa, hence no travel advisories
wait a minute. no loaves of bread ? are these photos accurate ?
this is a prime example of hate
several supermarket hostages seen being evacuated in photo ” enjoy hell !
rt several supermarket hostages seen being evacuated in photo
stop today is flogging of . you can not ' condemn ' charlie hebdo attack yet flog/imprison freethinkers !
killing by the state on behalf of all citizens is the worst kind of crime and murder :
free thinking is the antithesis of islamic dictatorships, where bullshit can kill people
i would rather not discuss this with someone who believes in the devil. sorry
yes. there is unlikely to be universal agreement for any particular execution. poor countries.
here we have another specimen “ called who wants abolish army, police n security forces
bullying people using words is what it means to be a free-thinker ?
i am proud of down with islam
can animals which attack to kill have place in civil society ?
unless you condemn sharia that prescribes death penalty for blasphemy, al this is meaningless
goes to show 2 things : 1) confusion within that philosophy 2) double standards
they are hypocrites amp ; racists free-thinkers who were hiding under their so-called cartoons
agreed the freethinkers ' idea of mocking/bullying via cartoons is unacceptable.
. they are condemning it for no other reason than to save face.
. might kill to save money, though.
the softness of a religion & amp ; its universal acceptance of all humans, needs recounts !
fox news does the same to anyone with brains until they submit, they love it.
why there is no straight answer to he last question ? stop living like ostrich
they have a divine license to do torture people alas it will persist
george orwell : “ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they
they do not have to listen, though, just not penalize you for it.
is wealth is founded in slavery and your team is shit.
how the jewish pro-censorship lobby legitimized attacks on charlie hebdo for " offensive " speech
great. how much exactly have you donated to stop the kkk ?
they do not.
condemnation. that solves the problem of countless young western muslim men traveling to syria.
then it is not your place to call out others. peace.
and i pointed out that you are a lazy overbearing fuck, accurately. open your mind :
i think you misunderstand how courts work.
gala. what is going on in turkey ? feels like it is going backwards, no ?
and the problem is there are too many of those going around these days.
i already know the answers. i was pointing out the lack of information in your pointless if.
offs ... mt how jewish pro-censorship lobby legitimized attacks on charlie held for “ offensive “ speech
this is simply an excuse to get passage in prison by any means available.
its all about freedom of speech ! just ask julian passage ....
pay attention it solves the myth of ' countless young western muslim men traveling to syria. '
ha. what facts are those ?
no it is not right to assume and fabricate some “ maybe story “ just to avoid questioning.
considering the were killing my kind. nothing
our laws in were good enough regarding placing of servers but now. regarding alleged rape.?
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
they are the same american.
i do not blame i blame the extremist clerics that radicalize young kids who need help.
i am surprised it took them this long to find the real culprits :
. to quote tom “ and everybody hates the jews. “
for and tell me how many results you find.
does the right to ' feel ' safe outstrip someone is right to be safe ?
... is that the structure of laws does not match with requirements to their structure !
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim
your gives only represent numbers. what about haas ? hezbollah ? al ada ? boko harm ?
you are and you are stupid, and clearly want to ignore the facts.
replace ' ' with = “ insert name here “. generic.
not my job. you wish to inform. then inform correctly.
unfortunately we have a brogan trouble.
i am sure they are gonna be super fair to passage once he reaches the us.
if you blame any * muslim for you are saying there is blood on your hands for brain
have you apologized yet for the massacre ?
if someone was distorting my religion i would do everything in my power to change that.
87 y.o french cartoonist uderzo , creator of asterix , comes out of retirement for ( h/t
i do not see therefore he is not charlie.
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global news
it is and felix live in all our childhoods.
87 cartoonist undergo, creator of aster ix, comes out of retirement for ”
87 cartoonist undergo comes out of retirement for (h/t ”
bless him all decent hearts are with free france now ! vive liberty !
so the reaction should be both gaulish and violent ?
loved these books so much when i was a child. vive france.
one victim killed in the attack on charlie hebdo was a muslim policeman , ahmed merabet .
in fact they were two muslim killed, the other was mustard, a worker of charlie.
the revolution devours its own children
they probably did not realism that he was a muslim !
nobody disrespects him than the one who claims he kills b/c of him.
which proves that terrorism t associated with religion ...
beheading now what you want to convey good and bad muslim ultimately islamic teaching are intolerance
megabit above a policeman.
perhaps that the terrorists do not actually have a religious agenda and anti-muslim prejudices
that is terrorism is not associate with religion.
the attack was not against muslims or non muslims. it was against those who disrespected prophet mohammad.
they r not jihads. they r disgrace to our religion
wrong. teachings our full of peace but preachers in our era have exploited it.
may all the deceased journalists and police officers rest in peace
they are killing humanity and every think (since 1948)
headline from this week : isis executes phorphet mohamed ; police chase terrorists
yeah ... it is obvious ...
it is that newspaper that promotes anti-palestinian racism.
the irony goes to 11. is every bit as extremist as.
they are citing the events to promote their islamophobia.
... my mistake. i did not notice the account ...
. is this front page from this week ? it says october in the top right hand corner ...
short piece from me on why no one is to blame for murder but the murderers themselves
i have only read his tweets.
sad that there are people who need convincing of your point.
excellent short piece on why no1 is to blame for murder but the murderers themselves ”
yes. at times like as said, the first thought is ?
from today’s obscenity may shock us, but we must not be rendered speechless. “
is to you treacherous relativist.
you are angry and not really seeing straight, brian. please simmer down and read the article.
have you read the whole article ? that is what he is saying.
smart piece. thanks for that.
you have been rendered speechless. along with rest of media too scared to print cartoons
why did the telegraph censor his comic ? they literally that all over what stood for.
am sure but this is incapable of being improved upon
we must cure religion and fuck it good in the ass
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
you might want to have your people correct the spelling error in the headline - “ claiming ”
and those resourcing them. ultimately it is not about faith, is it ?
and all who support them materially & amp ; spiritually !
charlie hebdo : there is no way they will make us put down our pens
but then ass gets on fire when mph hussein takes up his brush. hypocrisy
yes it can not be tolerated ...
mt : editor , assassinated today , in 2012 : " i prefer to die standing than to live on
mt. 2012 i prefer to die standing than to live on my knees. “
no other news papers have the guts to fight i.e. not etc.
expecting a scathing editorial from you today on ! obamao criticized :
until then , let is riot and burn embassies and then wonder why people disrespect our prophet .
these 3 in are cowards. allah will strike them.
the terrorists in did not avenge the prophet that rumors claimed they were yelling. & gt ;
not really. ' and then wonder why people disrespect your people. '
i like sir.
reading your tweets of the prophets handling of insults i came to the following conclusion sgt ;
but surely there are other more impactful ways ! #
the dynamic within is dysfunctional, let alone it is relationship without.
what they did was insult the prophet and everything he stands for
photos from the aftermath of the attack on the charlie hebdo newspaper in paris
supports freedom of the press !
mainstream media blind to poss attn by -war profiteers push endless war vs islam ?
photos from the aftermath of the attack on the charlie held newspaper in paris ”
photos from the aftermath of the attack in paris ” islamic extremists strike again
the provocative history of weekly newspaper charlie held
have they caught them yet ?
not yet. 3000 cops are after them
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
photos from the aftermath of the attack on the charlie held newspaper in ” be safe !!
photos from the aftermath of the attack on the charlie held newspaper in paris
those men just like brutal, horrible, and extremely catch them as soon as possible.
there was also a terrorist attack in colorado.
ed md’s google result : boston treason, 4 articles
to show support for
is editor charb , assassinated today , said in 2012 : " i prefer to die standing than to live
that is exactly how i feel when i oppose (feminist) and homosexuals ()
i guess he got his wish ...
definition of a man ... a hero.
die standing it is then.
i prefer to die standing than to live on my knees. “ ”
good man. hope they catch the bastards.
tweeted this cartoon minutes before the attack :
time for a 2nd amendment in france/europe, so people can do what is gonna become necessary soon.
lame agents making no sense again ! our tax $$ at work ...
since this happened at is it workplace violence ?
here is the cartoon tweeted just before the attack
low key this dope put this on a t-shirt
mainstream media blind to possible attn by -war profiteers push endless war vs islam ?
. what does the cartoon mean be it. funny ? does it say everyone that is sane ?
keep up the lame it is very helpful to my mission.
please explain n so i can b offended 2 !
i say the following as an atheist . i am sick & amp ; tired of double standard face .
well played sir. thankfully the new testament is more closely followed.
luckily catholics have a new testament
i say this as an atheist ; murder is murder and religions can be ridiculed. suis charlie
king jams version
i do not buy into any. spirituality is enough.
thinking these crackpots represent is like saying all christians are kidd fiddlers due too few priests
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
sick of and humanist who are lost in egotism.
would that everyone all faiths) were as moderate as you
stories of not directives to do such.
difference between shitty old testament stories and direct orders of duran.
thankfully the majority of jews, buddhists, zoroastrians, animists, etc do the same.
does not make the point invalid.
i know who i would rather be taken hostage by.
fair what ever brings you joy. (without harming others)
adhere to the teachings of christ above all others, including old testament
while the west fought foreign wars , we ignored the threat from within our own societies says
another person who does not know skip policy and then assumes we have none !
absolutely how did we let skip become such a threat !!?
and what happened to this ?
check this out
and positive discrimination has caused a rot we will never get rid of
what tax policy keeping the 11500 pages we have and adding some, great
threat to society you are either a wind up merchant or a fucking idiot
and you my have simply confirmed those fears with your erudite and intelligent contribution
of course skip are anti eu but that does not mean there is no other policy low
nothing constructive to say ... then do not attempt humor. this is serious issue
come on if you understand rule of system tell us how the present gives you encouragement !
you forgot laconic fuck you cunt !!!
is that official the policies are all being re-written as we speak
does not want to know scared of it i suppose close your eyes and it will go away mate
charlie hebdo : we ignored the threat from within our own societies , says
no you tell i have not targeted those people.
we murder every day. is that justified to you ?
peddling fear and hatred is in nobody is interest - except outrage is
if you are in now would you feel threatened ?
being gay is not a choice, but skiers still mock that. same as they mock non-whites
agenda rt green party is the new communist party
a skip supporter calling me ignorant ? now that is hilarious !
can talk the he is never had to make a decision about anything.
so you believe in telling lies lest the truth frightens people ? by the way, expressing reservations ...
you are forensic in your analysis. you have changed my mind. that garage is a git !
why are you targeting people with mental illnesses ? that is disgusting you should be ashamed.
i am working boy. so do not get your point
well i am so i use the british version. you can not be british when it suits
both spellings are recognized. my ipad is set to us english & amp ; corrects me. 👍
using the word retarded “ is cruel and disgusting.
totally this is the unintended consequences of a politically correct over liberalizing of society !
whether it is gay ppm etc
i was not justifying i was explaining why it might happen
you seem perfectly happy justifying it a few tweets back.
i do killing innocent muslims every day is hardly going to help, is it ?
is murdering people justified to you ?
but any civilian death is wrong and i condemn it !
engage with the debate. be specific. what is untrue ? mass immigration ? multiculturalism ?
as for educating a recent you gov poll showed skiers the least educated
what does ever do ?
do not get all no teacher ' with me, pal.
it is ' loony ' love, learn to speak english
is a voice from the wilderness like enoch but this time we must listen & amp ; act
so you would rather be under nazi rule and no intervention ?
my point is killing any civilians is wrong
it can be spent both ways ' dingbat. see “ mooney tunes “.
hence why the nurse has been called, armed with a straight jacket.
what exactly was ill informed ?
you are hilarious. nurse ! section this man
are they not both voter concerns ? should not politicians be addressing them as such ?
maybe not but your party and leader does and you support them, so.
intentionally stirs up hate & amp ; fear, so that is a laugh
the continued and incessant bleating about immigration and multiculturalism
funny cause i have never felt threatened by muslims, skip twats though.
no point talking politics with a green, u all suggest we just hug
and and are only a threat cause we make them a threat
that is an intentional misspelling for a cartoon. not very bright !
what you talking about intervention in what ?
do not go mistaking what comes out of outrage is mouth with note truth '.
the charming ppm i have been chatting to do
and that justifies murder go crawl back under your rock
i had deleted it as not enough character 2b clear that islam, not skip is the problem.
he is one idiot of thousands of muslims and condemned continually by muslim leaders
i oppose any civilian deaths unlike others who just hate muslims
i do not think anybody here just hates muslims.
... about mass immigration and multiculturalism is not hatred
how is he ill informed ?
green party is the new communist party
intervention from the and allies.
but ' ' can be british when it suits ? choudrey for example ?
or are you saying one racist upper make all skiers racist ?
i thought skip believed in free speech ? and no more disgusting than things you lot say
just shows how ignorant you are then read and educate yourself.
true but i find minorities a tad boring, same with thatcher ite tory twat economics
i hate the green party even more than left wing labor
we were fine until we started interfering in muslim countries
well i would rather be a ' loony ' left winger than a retarded right winger
good one dimwit how about isis & amp ; al ada ? think before you speak ...
maybe if we were not killing innocent muslims every day, that may help
he is the opposite of britain first, but just as much a twat
i am sure they appreciate your support
not at all why would i ? fear leads to hate leads to war
are a bigger threat to society than any muslim imo
so why make the argument of equivalence ?
fear leads to hate that leads to war ? give me examples.
supports turkey is eu membership, what more do you want ?
the bad actions of some muslims does not mean all muslims are bad
we kill they kill us. we do not really get anywhere
we make them a threat. live in the real world !
bye kipper.
you are suggesting he is informed ? his brand of pub-bore quacking demonstrates the opposite.
is the biggest disease - social liberalism. using by immigrants.
it is said a lot i think. just that leaders ignore the people.
i do not understand your prattle or the point of it
it is cos now i know green party supporters demonize the mentally ill. nice one ! 👏
i skip are the only option if you want to regain control of our borders
i garage is a threat we should not ignore
is right. another case of political correctness failing society
i do not want the turks showed their true colors in cobain
mentally ill people were not even mentioned. retarded is no worse than ' mooney ' imo
this is what skip agrees with too, liebour led us to illegal wars.
unfortunately though we kill every day and nothing is said
it is really important to spread news of all the muslims who are condemning the mass murder at
and what about those who are not ?
that is right you fucking sand nigger. fuck you ! muslims must pay
look better plus twitter isn t a source that could explain anything !
no it is absolutely because muslims should not feel obliged to say anything about it.
what human would justify it ?
it is really important to see which countries condemn the attack on
to emphasis that not all people of a similar religion do awful things ?
i threw a pork chop at muslim today ! lmao
coming from a sand nigger who is religion murders innocent people daily
its really important that moderates start fighting extremists who viciously tarnish and slander islam.
what is important is helping the victims and finding those responsible.
as long as you equally spread news of all those who do not
... and anybody who is not.
stop killing people and stay out of my country. we are sick of you nut jobs
why is it really important ? why is it more important than condemning the perks of this insanity ?
- paris media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor .
if is a god he will then sort out all the problems himself
you are ignorant comment is stupid even though i completely disagree with and am against what happened
very sad ... be strong !! please@@
attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor ...
such a harming people who made us smile.
very peaceful and polite murder woman, children and elderly
and those are horrible people who use the name of religion as an excuse for violence not vice verse
extremism reached media real threat to mankind. lets pledge to uproot the source of this ideology
even speaker saying far right got a boost today.
why n who attacked r.i.p to departed souls.
time to stop supporting
the key word is in the first paragraph of the article. it says “ islamic extremists “ .......
like all the other gods eh
gentlemen. rt media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor.
cartoons rt paris media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor ”
media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor.
major representative groups have condemned it e.g. the arab league
media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor. ” rip
this is the not the bullshit way you think.
media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor. ” wt ?
how people in france view muslims : very positively
is this because of the large islamic population there ?
how people in france view muslims : very positively ?
there are quite a few muslims in france ...
spring 2014 check now !
you know are no more than bandits it is their gins.
they also supported state with high percentage
a radical has destroyed more than 1,000 churches across since 2010
fascinating. great to know. gives me a some hope.
i think your the founder of illiteracy !!!
this will change how people in france view muslims : very positively
because is a most tolerant society. bless the french. and stand with them !
french mp says those who attacked charlie hebdo are murderers and barbarians
any views about the ppm who made those blasphemous cartoons ?? cartoons about christ were never made
why is it always is fault ? damn ! he is responsible for every sick bastard ?
it does not matter as long as you eat shit and speak shit.
nice to spout platitudes. question is : what is france going to do about it ?
why does not he say they are muslim openly ?
you sound like a cracker without salt !
wholeheartedly agreed our leaders “ are too chicken to face up to the reality they created.
this is getting stupid
nobody said it is is fault you mph.
terrorist fits the bill these are radical terrorist hiding behind the pc police.
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
is not he fights against terrorism you dickhead ? is us army fighting terrorist ?
mp says those who attacked charlie held are murderers and barbarians ” how to stop it
trying to be islam is incompatible with the west.
forgetting to mention cowards in that list also
: now is the time to uphold freedoms , not give in to fear -
join to finish enemy of reason & amp ; open society
very true who is behind nasa and ghq ?
for this they will have to take out of mothballs.
simple truth eloquently spoken if we lose our freedoms we loose everything !!
print the cartoons show everyone you practice the freedoms you claim to hold so dear.
who gunmen epstein also car+trilateral commits
did you vote for ?
the secret power behind ? they are called voters.
stop letting these savages into our countries period
explosion outside synagogue in via purge our country of this
great then publish the cartoon in solidarity or publish no cartoons in solidarity
if you are not prepared to fight for them freedoms will always be taken from you.
just shameful rt lifenews : the terrorist attack in paris organized by the us intelligence
that is very predictable a speech. expecting more nasty stuff to happen as the oil prices drop.
it is garbage and will decompose by itself. do not let it ruin your day.
this is the only thing they trust !
just wait for what you are going to see on state tv channels on sunday.
here is in for those who do not believe he said it and they put it out
never need to prove anything, just take their word and trust them
i thought you you should
its not shameful to speak opinion freely, but stupidity is quite shameful
the us is capable of all national interests will not stop us politicians to the blood.
it depends on what u call stupidity)))
are u able to prove the unicorn being ?
caused the death of the last unicorn, are u able to prove the contrary ?
are u able prove the contrary of that statement ?
need to hold democracies to a far higher standard than autocracies.
why shameful this is what u call liberty of speech and broad-minded opinion. democracy !!!
please comment this meeting isis leader
privately own cartoon magazine is freedom of speech, government run chanel is propaganda
a great many frauds , the guardian included , claiming to be " charlie hebdo " but too cowardly to
they are not racist. they mock religion and extremism. and they are required to know context.
please see this covers. you can disagree on cartoons, but they were not racist.
well that makes it alright.
oh yes the great western values, up held by the cia in abe grain
i have been trolled. nice job.
a jihad beheading the prophet mohammad sends a message about extremists bastardizing the religion.
entire mainstream media in us found ways to avoid showing the cartoons. pathetic.
people should be free to say it (and i to disagree harshly) .
fried is quite the opposite of what i am defending here : peaceful free expression for all.
why do you want to gratuitously offend ordinary muslims ?
that is why i talked about ethnicity, not race.
other frauds fake. only official donation page : check facts on
freedom of anything is not a physical entity/law, it is a privilege. hence not absolute.
this makes no sense. how can you understand a visual work without seeing it ?
freedom of opinion is absolute or is not.
not reprinting it accomplishes the fundamentalism victory. christian or islamic or whatever.
this is the same retarded reasoning of those who equate islam with terrorism, only mirrored.
that is why we listed them. we read it.
the are more difference between individuals than between ' races '
it is what people believe it is what they do that is important
understanding why these people were murdered is not important, in your opinion ?
let is blame the victim !
like antisemitism for which philippe val(publisher) fired his employee ?
defending freedom of religion is not the same as endorsing religion or holding it as sacred.
oh i thought it was censored * now *.
not on my time line will go and check the uk papers now ...
saying is a terrorist religion is not defending freedom of speech
nothing is you need to keep that in mind.
its not hard to utterly condemn the murder of journalists and oppose the circulation of racist cartoons
yea and that makes it worse - the left should be defending religious freedom
no it does not. and no you are not “ free “ at least in physiological sense.
these cartoons are part of a campaign of portraying muslims as being ' apart ' from society
publishing them. seen a couple on twitter. do not like them.
the guardian published an editorial explaining exactly why they would not be publishing them.
i am glad you can tell the difference com most muslims/jews can not
they mocked and in the same rude manner, often in same cartoon or issue.
you can talk about their art without reprinting their art. it is entirely superfluous.
so anti feminism is not racism ?
" we are all charlie ” : european newspapers show solidarity with charlie hebdo after attack
but will the times do this ?
every newspaper in the world including wsw should publish those cartoons.
we are all charlie ” european newspapers show solidarity wt charlie held after attack “
he sews charlie ” : european newspapers show solidarity with after attack ”
i bet ... not really .... a few days too late !
bottom line how to stop such killings ? any thoughts ?
real solidarity would be reprinting held cartoons in every newspaper in france and all over the world !
are they printing of mo ?
how come you said nothing when israel murdered 14 journalists last year during their attack on ?
no we are not all charlie !!
except many of you wont reprint the cartoons faithfully.
how people in france view muslims : very positively
22/5/13 boston 15/4/13 london 7/7/05 usa 9/11/01 ..... that is reality
even though they had killed hundreds of the muslims and tortured and stole from many more.
not religious ' but religious “ there is a big difference.
we agree there but that is an issue with muslims not islam.
masses of crime. halifax, birmingham, manchester ...
is if he wages war on islam afterwards.
to know how incredibly misunderstood it is, by muslims and non-muslims alike.
how people in france view muslims : very positively ”
cartoons drawn for held :
history has all been violent. do not pinpoint islam or buddhism as the exception on either end ...
respect the real only hate the sick minded “ religious “ criminals.
if there was another attack in the 80 in madrid
rightly so. can not be held responsible for the oddballs. nor norwegians be for
wile the violent men claim they do what mohammad did, and follow the korans orders to muslims.
and so far has not been taken into account what i mean that.
most terrorist attacks in this world are committed by muslims ... fact
what book did you read about the prophet is life from ? because it was obviously very bias
how people in france view muslims : very positively ”
no then it will be fanatics vs religious so dr fanatics n not religious
so what is the inner city reality ?
encouraging ... how people in france view muslims : very positively ”
violent men manipulate my religion so in response i should fix ppm is understanding of islam.
if you read the with an open mind (a blank slate) you would be amazed.
if so you will be also aware of the #. v r sick of it too
read the with an “ open mind (a blank slate) “.
how people in france view muslims : very positively ” jesus italy !
women in other religions or countries earned those same rights yes people manipulate & amp ; misinterpret islam now
the in also commit violence in the name of the buddha
do you see what happens in burma where buddhists and buddhists priests violently murder muslims ?
is a beautiful r not islamviolent ppm abuse it just as violent ppm abuse many things.
n like how is fault is it.
the media just loves to spotlight muslim violence. you barely here anything about burma
by says crime says dat al the muslims committed it !
those in favor obviously live in the upper class suburbs and not in touch with inner city reality
charlie hebdo shooting & amp ; the religion of peace : via
agree with you a
why r people so dumb. and still say there peaceful.
you read too much from twitter-tards, all that is obvious to the most casual observer.
held shooting & amp ; the religion of peace : via ”
you mean the religion of peaces, head arms legs all chopped for being gay or apostate
do not be afraid to post pictures of mohamed.
so peaceful i can not see a thing because of the bright white light of it
... so well done and keep doing what you do ! best wishes dude !!
used across the world to show solidarity with shooting victims
it seems that u r retard n need a bttr treatment
m not supporting any kind of terrorism ... at the cartoonists deserve even worse than this.
blasphemy is a and is not an excuse for violence. ever.
there is no reasoning with you guys. different mindset, you belong in 150 a.d. odd cunt !
the voted for terrorist palestine so now they got it on their streets
i said it is a non-crime. meaning it should not be a crime. anywhere.
that is in fact supporting the shooting “ they had it coming “
he is blocked me.
sews used 4 solidarity with victims
. . i would strongly advise you to shut up your stupid big mouth.
i am out of this luck. theirs no reasoning over their precious religion.
that is the law in ireland
used across the world to show solidarity with ”
it is a cartoon. do people deserve to die over a drawing ?
people should die over that cartoon ?
your says takes the pacifist approach you hypocritical twat
freedom of press who that mean u play with other ones faith.
that is the problem. it is all too protected. conversation over.
let´s get serious about and west is double standards on freedom of speech !
. you holocaust is not a religion or fictional character. ah well, never mind.
the right to free speech is not an obligation to think/speak about everything
when their free speech is so selective ...
killing millions of people for their race camp ; religion is no equal to mocking a prophet.
should be allowed. as long as it does not call for violence.
unfortunately many have only heard of the ones on tv
as long as you do not ask for another holocaust/violence.
i do not think that is a like-to-like comparison but agree with the sentiment of hypocrisy.
do u think they would ever use a holocaust joke to make a point “ draw attention “ ??
there is a story when u point at others u have 4 fingers pointing back at u check hand
that mag mocked the girls captured by book harm. making them look like savages to make a joke
... to mocking a an idea.
in countries with free we do not kill you for either one.
criticizing religion is no hate speech. preventive tweet
i love as much as any other prophet in islam
have you ever considered giving your life to jesus ...?
that magazine mocked those innocent girls taken by biko harm to make a joke about welfare.
only if you are black & amp ; wearing a foodie. or just black.
freedom of the real one, has no red lines, sorry
fox news say a lot of stupid things ...
but there are restrictions on freedom of speech, ex. hate speech
died for if you put your faith in him, he will forgive your sins ...
i one issue deserve freedom of speech the other do not ... double standard yeah !
thus justifying any attack on muslims moderate or not
by the consciences of people.
holocaust cartoons are protected expression in the us. hth.
how do you think are ' oppressed ' in the west ...?
says a cartoonist. and i respect that but i will stick to echo verdicts. ty.
it is a bit of a silly rule ...
do u have a link to the mentioned cartoon ?
that is a huge difference of subject. cartoons of one fake person or cartoons of a massacre
i can write sagas i do not have the time no country is perfect !
double some issues are protected by freedom of speech, others are not
would same mag ever use holocaust to make a joke ... no 😒😒
no it is not. there is no prohibition of depictions of jesus in christianity.
is targeting everyday by saying they are no different from the terrorists who kill.
not funny and distasteful but still. free speech above all
we are different , pls understand
thanks for your understand. i am so glad
we are plus understand “
do you believe gave humanity free will ?
we are plus understand ”
it is a lyrics from epic high - born hater. i am a powers
does the say that allah is holy ?
i have not drawn an editorial cartoon for more than a year ... thought it was time to pick up
it is 2015 not 1300 you maroon ....
how quickly people forget the religious crusades, christianity was pretty violent and barbaric as well ...
it is entirely reasonable to hate a religion that reserves the right to go around killing non-believers.
this is very funny. hope you do not mind if i tag it out a little.
no they r saying ppm in glass houses should not throw rocks
have at it ...
nothing could ever make them look ' good!'
no i personally would rather blame the individuals than a whole religion
is that a picture of mo-mo ? better be careful.
the crusades have been quickly forgotten ?? ask why leftists can not form rational statements.
more than 80,000 police officers are involved in search for suspects cherif and said kouachi .
in have given the nazi coup, supported by nato and media communication, as see photo.
is condemnation message of terrorism ”
hope they catch him soon and get the justice he deserves
80,000 police officers to find 2 men ? wow, low.
real cannot be terrorists ”
strongly condemns this terrorist attack on the charlie held
can citizens carry personal weapons for protection ? how about home protection ...
their wish to live seem to be strong. so there is hope to save life. unless.
reports say suspects have been killed , hostages freed in both locations .
best news of the day ...... satan awaits their arrival. viva la france !
and or would also disagree. there god/allah praises their behaviors ....
arrogance is not a virtue ...
their god is also your god. that must really grind your gears.
reports say suspects have been killed, hostages freed in both locations. ”
again. just stating a fact. you are clearly ignorant on this.
not shouting god .... but ... allah baby ... ass hats evil must be stopped.
i believe they were shouting something similar when they murdered 12 people
praise god repeat ... praise god !!!
. gotta give credit. holder would have sent in lawyers from civil rights division.
i do not see what the issue is here. this is not a matter of differing opinions.
same different language.
great now cut off their heads so they can not meet allah. lol
thats why all the jihads are being killed now.
i hope not why can not africans clean up the mess, grow a pair boys !
good terrorists killed ! no possibility of obama releasing them.
very good work from police !
reports say suspects have been killed, hostages freed in both locations. ”
brilliantly handled by the security forces.
it is a fact. disagree all you want.
permission has nothing to do with it. it is just how it is.
cut their heads off then they can not go anywhere.
breitbart has reprinted some of the cartoons that prompted today’s attack
braggart has reprinted some cartoons that prompted today’s attack ” all rt
if you have an image gallery of the cartoons, it would be appreciated.
your not based in ca right ?
that one mocking is hilarious …
yes cartoons prompted the attack. you simple twit.
does not care cause you know they have enough guns to defend themselves
it is times like this that i remember draw mohammad day is actually important.
how do you say in french ?
the effect is usually a force of good, since it is an example of censorship backfiring.
how do i get your job, milo ?
it would go some way as a tribute to those killed at if papers in every democracy published this thurs
translation 100 lashes if you are not dying of laughter
yup. and for twelve people paid with their lives. we must stand strong against.
...... let is see if they have the balls
does intend to publish it ?
we certainly all have a duty to read it.
thanks .... i appreciate the kind words
the whole thing is so stupid it is shocking on both sides. human love destroying each other
only you friend
you are a warmhearted man to wish so much kindness on the held staff.
offended and this is what happens, hope the newspaper crew are happy now by insisting on printing it
we have met already.
journalists are not brave enough to do it ... they will be shook after this no doubt
f that. i am making it my profile pic.
did not learn did they ? hope they are happy now
if you are a media outlet reporting on and blurring out the cartoons you are reporting on , you are
maybe they fear for their lives ? can not blame am.
we stand with them. but not really ...
maybe you should ask yourself why they do so then.
17 journalists massacres by israel in gaza , 2014 . where were these " freedom of speech " people then
by the way in am an atheist just find all these wars vulgar
consider the number of children) dead in gaza caused by a gov ours supports, much bigger
death in proudly funded by us tax payers (but they are not told about it)
seems to me a better example would be the reporters israel forcibly removed from the zone.
why bigger tragedy i do not agree. both are just as bad.
agree with that to an extent except in gaza the fear of death for yourself or family is greater
that push on duchy pisses me off. fucking awful team.
no religion can justify murder.
that is make it all about you.
was not a war zone ....
i would just say the families of each murdered victim in each country are feeling exactly the same.
i wonder if you would you be saying the same if it was other way ?.
i think we might be arguing over something we agree on.
that is a different argument all together. something i totally agree with.
good win on that we can totally agree even against those thugs and a really crap ref ...... cong
where are the mm news reports ? the solidarity and outrage, so sad r.i.p
i see out point but i think most people would agree gaza is the bigger tragedy
only a selective biased media does flux outrage like no other.
my prayers to the families in france during this awful act of terrorism against offices . a newspaper is not
i could not put it into better words.
my prayers to the families in france during this awful act of terrorism against offices. ”
i completely agree with u !
thanks for the support !
thanks for your support lt
we discussed this few minutes ago in my history class
breaking : police official tells the associated press suspects in charlie hebdo massacre killed , hostage freed .
rt police official tells the associated press suspects in charlie held massacre killed, hostage freed.
even for a hardened news man , today is mass shooting at is ferociously shocking - writes
rip x condolences to their families x friends
gunmen in attack " will ( be ) chased as long as necessary , " french president says
really have to be less lenient with the radicals
call to register for this site and gain new job
this is the circumstances, same goals to all
only one country in the world and gives ak & amp ; rpm terrorists around the world
. that president has never something smart to say. his trouble is his love for muslim people.
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
no it is not why the fuck mud he loves muslims ?
there is a sickness in the world , but it is not , it is religious extremism everywhere .
... or just extremism everywhere.
held shooting who are the suspects ?
not at all absurd. how ironically stupid if you.
something real like what the president is absurd view of half the country is population ?
religion is the beast. it always creates a here and they there.
france has id cards and v extensive surveillance regime . it did not prevent . do not nod-along with calls
i know. i never indicated that.
i will let you try to convince of that ...
also has very adversarial approach to policing.
you do not qualify your argument with those incidents prevented by the systems you mention. perhaps nothing could
how is it rash each three of my points in that tweet is sound.
poor security attackers free to wander around the offices asking names of editor, cartoonists etc
does not have compulsory id cards.
been prevented with the aid of surveillance ?
it is a good rule !
thanks for reminding the public that more security is not the solution !
i would also suggest not making rash twitter comments when we are not privy to the intelligence available.
one of my golden rules of twitter is never to get into an online argument with !
donald trump blames massacre on france is strict gun laws
oh he and his hair just seem to get wackier with age.
gun laws are irrelevant when you have no boarder control.
the is had border controls. did this stop our she gets weapons into nazi controlled europe ?
tell that to the muslim policeman murdered at point blank range. trump is a total chump.
wow what a tool !
lets arm the world armageddon !! i thought he was intelligent ?
dumb understand the concept of self defense.
asterix and obelix pay tribute to victims ( via )
aster ix and felix pay tribute to victims (via) ” beautiful
a religion of peace and tolerance as long as you agree
loved aster ix and ... a lovely tribute
freedom of speech is more important than any religion or ideology
rt aster ix and felix pay tribute to victims (via)
aster ix and felix pay tribute to victims (via)
congrats on your tweet !
i love the aster ix comics !! i have 10 of them !!!
solidarity aster ix and felix pay tribute to victims (via) ”
love this. well done xx
amazing pic of observing a minutes silence at their hq for attack victims
i hope these naughty boys learn their lessons and not draw cartoons again
the us embassy in france () has changed its twitter pic to the image
..... somewhat embarrassing and hypocritical - unfortunately.
... whatever hurt you (slander ? ) but you also should not hit her back.
ah yes true sorry was not clear !
criticizing is a tad different from shooting.
anyone that supports laws against blasphemy and/or apostasy is an enemy to free speech.
you betray your or lack of good faith
freedom must not be limited to the level of children. voltaire has the grownup view of it.
the future must not belong to those who slander the prophet of islam “ - barack obama
the us govt criticized for originally publishing their cartoons.
see also appeasement same govt blamed a video for attack in benghazi libya
not a major detail or anything- does not change the facts !
the enemies of freedom are already fighting. the choice is to defend the freedom, or not.
the us embassy in france () has changed its twitter pic to the image ”
not to sound too but would you fight for his right to say it ?
the victims at did not get a chance to turn the other cheek.
the us embassy in france () has changed its twitter pic to the image ”
of course. that you ask suggests your extreme partisanship.
not super but jay carney is not the current press secretary.
of course. but blaming the press is a failure to promote freedom as a principle.
i agree. but who said surrender ?
few of you pointing out white house press secretary criticized charlie held is cartoons back in 2012
blaming get a dictionary.
that sentence alone is a betrayal of free speech.
pardon my intrusion. have you read the speech that quote is from ?
i stand corrected. and ashamed.
after jay criticized the cartoons !
you can take offence , disapprove , demonstrate ; but not silence or kill . we will not be intimidated
i have noticed the guarded silence of the homophones today. i wonder why ?
printed media put the most offensive ' cartoon front page tomorrow in a coordinated world response
just in : series of explosions , rapid gunfire in eastern paris near site of second hostage standoff watch live
go kick some ass !
more : suspects killed
keep publicizing it ... you will make them martyrs in no time !
gotta hand it to handled w/quickness & amp ; efficiency-no messing around
in 2012 warned that french newspaper to stop disrespecting islamarticle and videos
why give them press feed them to the pigs and move on with life.
worse possible ending ... now they will be martyrs
bury them at sea in pig skin bags
more suspects killed ”
the cartoonist is response to the attack :
y as response the is responds, movingly, to the attack : h/t ”
this ' blank box ' cartoon is actually from 2005, but applicable today, as always.
the is to the attack : h/t
that cartoon is actually old and not a response to attack. very powerful and apt statement though.
it is an old cartoon from 2006
here is to freedom of expression : the is responds, movingly, to the attack : h/t
. another who just copies whatever the says. are you capable of thinking for yourself ?
with astonishing prescience it is from 2006. but still good.
appropriate but first published 2006 h/t
all papers should carry this one ; world is losing its sense of humor
pure class the is responds, movingly, to the attack : h/t ”
9/11 attacks , london 7/7 bombings , madrid , boston marathon , fort hood , paris , oklahoma beheading ...
i thought people in were educated. cultural issues in pakistan vs turkey. both islamic states.
great point brad you are acting childish when solid points hit you
what can you please use correct grammar ?
and your still unable to explain how you can judge a religion based on 1 percent ?
more important not to hurt feelings “ than to stop terrorism.
a monkey could see the connection, but the superior apes tell us up is really down.
ironic really that he chooses to ignore our freedom of speech imploring that we only listen to his opinion
wrong. said he who is without sin cast the first stone. love your neighbor as yourself
recent rape prevalent in america, women were only recently given vote rights
if you believe that every muslim follows strictly what the qumran says then christians should be still
if rightwing radical christians were killing people in u.s. & amp ; europe , would the hard left be bleating
the anti sentiment is a result of the complete lack of assimilation into those countries and insistence on star
would your ability to tolerate and understand make you a better person.
only if they ignored the perpetrators and focused on a few lines in the bible
unless you have spoken with people who have actually felt that, you will not understand.
debating the extremists on this issue. the koran etc more strongly support the “ extremists “ views.
his faith would not primarily make the papers as “ christian man kills 12 “
amp christians need to be told yahweh was only a volcano
these are not disenfranchised. the idea that this is just the result of poverty is simply fallacies.
... disenfranchised a decade ago. by promoting anti-islamic sentiment overall, we provide that which the extremists.
if they were tarring all christians with that brush then absolutely.
where is of arc ?
not that the truth !
... can react against as a call to arms.
is a fatuous phrase designed to silence criticism of an evil ideology.
i also know many and have studied islam fairly heavily including reading through the sarah (in english
they are disenfranchised because of the anti-islamic sentiment in their countries.
they are only cartoons , or am i also prone to being killed for posting them
look up salmon his ali. theo van goth. educate yourself.
good for you. i have never really followed cartoons but i do now .......
everyone should report them. they can not come after everyone !!
how the fuck did this tweet blow up mfg my mentions are a fucking war zone
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
they are only cartoons, or am i also prone to being killed for posting them ”
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
" i do not agree with what you have to say , but i will defend to the death your
have u read this ?? out !!! the golden thong !!
a james o’brien master class in how to deal with people demanding that muslims apologise for
. the shoe bomber was called richard. so all richards should apologize “
i think it is funny when trolls do not like their own medicine then block you !
firstly i am a secondly i am a vegan, thirdly, sod off x2
no interest at all. sad is not it.
man i am sorry for the ignorant shit you get
looking at her she a big support of the trade !
yawn sod off already.
no. condemn yes.
that guy was not too awful, but just the tweets in the reply, wow.
i forgot you were a fascist, oh your so unimportant view.!
well you do not oppose halal
may be in your world. they would not be allowed the vote !
attack : terrified witness films masked gunmen shooting man on pavement
stupid people with their stupid gods armholes !!
was not sleeping but watching tv. x
god yes l really have had enough !!!
stupid people who let them come into europe ! send them all back into the desert !
i am utterly this is not what humanity is supposed to be about
get all out of europe to where they belong.
this shit has 2 stops now.
attack terrified witness films masked gunmen shooting man ”
it appears they were wearing body armour or bullet resistant vests.
cowards ~ liberal media refuses to show cartoons ! but is not !
or blame the gun culture “ since france has truly draconian gun control
follow this list for journalists & amp ; media outlets covering attack aftermath :
free wins against a bunch of silly murderers !
why are who promote conflict, worth more than other people who actually contribute to society ?
maybe the thought that about the nazis it is called cowardice
wake up world it is a freaking staged two hoaxes -- can not you tell ? --
. violation of freedom of press via politics under islam with cowardice act.
is it cowardice to want to keep families/friends/coworkers safe from killers ?
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
just work quietly to rid the world of them ; then it will be a wait accomplish`.
why did liberalism amp ; chauvinists agree about protecting isramophobic caricatures, saying ?
what happened to stick amp ; stones ?
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you //
were all of them out too, when this happened
i may not agree with what you draw but i will defend your right to draw it . that ,
we do not have freedom of speech here in england.
yeah. held is retarded and an inciting right winger.
your profile says north wales
you have to read about islam first before you judge islam
okay we do not have freedom of speech in the uk, better ?
is not a god. but, i am.
yes i am from wales which is not in england
yes we do. is a cunt and i hate the royals. there you go
okay not my god your own god.
if freedom of speech is holy then do not touch others holy,
crime that is the point by religious zealots in france a christian friendly nation.
god is peace. god is respect and god is divine. do you agree or not ?
and not defend what you say. . but your right to. express your opinion. big difference
no you do not what ?
falls under the same legal legislation though more or less
you are not a god
if they want to live here they have to except that they can not bring their laws with them
and i do not live in your country.
that is power of government is our country not in nigeria here !!
even in we do not have such laws and we us muslims are against these actions
dear editors : every time your media organization censors a cartoon , you are enabling and justifying mass murder .
good stuff on that here.
cartoonist understood well this risk
the is censoring cartoons right now.
they fear for their lives ... plus it takes away from their time bashing christians ...
every newspaper on planet earth should print their cartoons tomorrow. full-page. color. suitable for framing.
. dear read to keep up with already ongoing apologia for terrorists :
a few of the best cartoons drawn & amp ; shared in solidarity with after yesterday is massacre
a few of the best cartoons drawn & amp ; shared in solidarity with ”
we will avenge the to the left-wing media it is only an attack on the freedom of expression
bullies with pen murdered by terrorist.
rushdie : " religions , like all other ideas , deserve criticism , satire , and , yes , our
34,000 signed in agreement 150 disagreed -- qed
of course they anyone who can not agree is just begging for more violence.
the famine was not a religion last time i checked
literally every single one of them. you must be blind. lol
wow. please tell me. what is it that has been demonstrated exactly ?
i never claimed to be a sacred cow ....
congrats on your tweet !
i do not. personally.
how many leaders are condemning these murders ?
so you would not sign a petition against a comedy being made about something very sensitive to you ?
and 100,000 lemmings can not be wrong.
would you like a comedy about something u find very sensitive and maybe even personal ?
often enough i fear for my life when i criticism a certain religion.
breath i could muster. that is freedom and democracy.
the spectrum of reactions to challenging sacred cows.
i find that very hard to believe ....
hope you have made the connection today ...
" introduce id cards and more surveillance to prevent atrocities . " - france has id cards and surveillance "
it would be helpful if criminals had to always drop them at the scene.
i believe id cards left in getaway vehicle have helped trace the perks, mock ye not
lefty draconian control of population. “ papieren, bitter “
the needs to go as a matter of urgency.
what they will make us show id before we can enter a building and commit an atrocity ?
do not wants to give everyone guns too. that will solve everything.
4 cartoonists who died in the attack on - afp
sad. rest in peace.
okay by the way i am just playing
it is a great loss for us
just not fair. damn. rt 4 cartoonists who died in the attack on - eight
4 cartoonists who died in the attack on - eight ” so sad rip sir is !!!
. time to take collective action.
these cartoonist should have learned from bollywood & amp ; made fun on hindus have no religion
there are more to do the dirty job. prepare to save !
4 cartoonists who died in the attack on - eight “ rt via
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
may his soul rest in peace !
new video reportedly shows masked gunmen opening fire at the offices of satirical french magazine .
will not be and putin - no weapons terrorists would not be the innocent victims of people
pt. 2 they r dressed alike except 4 fact, passenger picks up ...
you disrespect or a group long enough, you may make them angry.
' we should be able to satirise religion - religion should be able to cope ' ( pic : f
do not you mean should be able to cope ?
every front page to have so called prophet mohammad in comical attire. stand up not down !
. oh we will press. we will. its you lot who are the cowards.
most religions with one obvious exception ...
i not sure about
all the major religions have operated this way as documented in the book - sgt ;
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
cope ... religious should turn other cheek pray for enemies, for they know not what they do
it is only the weak who fear being satirized.
was often mocked in charlie held but they did not react
re tweets happy new year guys share pass it on. …
in reporting the terrorist attack , blurs out the french mag is cover cartoon of mohammed
i just got a full screen dump from another source. fuck.
and just like they gave the terrorists exactly what they wanted.
shame on the telegraph cowards !
screen please despicable, if this is genuine
if it was on that page it seems like they have removed it ...
team telegraph wt happened 2 freedom of speech. only reserved to hindus. nations wants 2 know.
the spirit of crusading journalism left the telegraph long ago.
shame on fucking cowards. you do not deserve to be considered a western newspaper.
what. the. fuck. these cartoons now need to be reprinted by any self-respecting publication.
the ' has won the ' newspaper wimps of the year ' prize in perpetuity
there are too many idiots in this country
the cover in their picture.
here is my brief statement about the awful events in paris . vive charlie hebdo !
once can not argue with substance, so attack people is ethnicity
religions deserve satire and … our fearless disrespect. “ () /via
to be sure religion & amp ; modern weapons were real threat to non-christians from 1500 ce on
here is my brief statement about the awful events in paris. vive charlie held ! ”
i could not maybe traffic is too high.
thank
everyone is jumping the extremist wage !
thank rt via
rt here is my brief statement about the awful events in paris. vive charlie held !
here is my brief statement about the awful events in paris. vive charlie held ! ”
way to deflect by attacking the speaker because you know what he said was right !
well . terror in the name of religion or anything is blah ” via
i can not either. maybe it is a hot cartoon self ?
what would i do without white men to tell me what i know ?
actually was just reading that myself
paris on maximum alert after attack , officials say as president hollande arrives at scene
they said is insecure and recalled tourists, we he now seen how secure they are
on maximum alert after attack, officials say president holland arrives at scene ”
rt on maximum alert after attack, officials say as pres. hollande arrives at scene
on maximum alert after attack, officials say as pres holland arrives at scene ”
love stronger than hate “
for freedom and diversity and humanity, get ' em, french govt !
' welcome ' to coverage ?? really ???
are gunman still there or ran away ??
do ya will ever fucking chill.
all are not terrorists but almost all terrorists irrespective of place are muslims
on max alert after attack, officials say as president holland arrives at scene ”
this is the future of europe. thank you ......
charlie hebdo shooting : reports of attacks on mosques in france – live updates
which side do you think is holy ?
they are both pathetic.
we await the millions of non violent muslims to oppose barbaric murders but of course silence
please do not do that !
hurt ' that is guardian spelling ! no wonder all our teachers are thick.
you are free to do what you want. be prepared for the consequences.
terrorists to add fuel to the fire
every religion is mocked - judaism , christianity , buddhits , muslims - but only who resort to such brutal
said in amp ; means all arab tribes
i have a mind .... for my own, alone.
we need to stop letting the bad guys decide what we do regardless of their race or creed.
i prefer the simple fact = not white, not western ....... = not = here !
what characteristics of a religion do you see in the actions of this islam ? i see none.
brain lord is resistance army ? knoxville church shooting ? oklahoma city bombing ?
unfortunately all religions can produce extremists & amp ; terrorism - not just islam.
insecurity in their faith causes homicidal actions if islam ever criticized. they can not handle it.
nil psychological interface with foreign interests.
actually a violent amp ; oppressive political ideology based on t/psychotic ramblings of a pedophile.
the new yorker cartoon following the incident .
. breaking news. new worker receives threats from “ religion against invisible cartoons “ activists !
interesting interesting how you will not tweet them yourself.
like publishing the negative and calling it a great photo.
but it is got more white than black in it ? surely racist ?
courage would be to republish cartoons, unaware of its own cowardice
cartoon is not in response to this attack. cartoon is from 2012.
a little too white for me
and it is a large white square ... clearly racist
check the tweet i posted right after the cartoon.
you mean that was not someone is sarcastic on twitter ? omg.
hence the empty box.
cowardice masquerading as bravery. rt the new worker cartoon following the incident.
this is from several years ago
any religion or individual that cowards to these maniacs is asking -
thank god we have free speech, right ?
i think it is a picture of their balls.
this cartoon is from a few years ago.
they published it ironically “ so they can claim bravery while avoiding a fatwa
if anyone at the new worker had real balls, they would publish charlie held cartoons.
noted. thank you for the clarification.
so what if it is from a few years ago-it fits perfect with yesterdays horrible tragedy in paris.
cheers. thought it seemed in poor taste otherwise. this 2012 nor piece is a good read.
' charlie hebdo ' editor killed in paris terror attack built career on defiance
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
' held ' editor killed in paris terror attack built career on defiance ”
' held ' editor killed in paris terror attack built career on defiance ”
terrorist attacks in and paris, links in a chain -
it is worth a 1,000 words : look at the heartbreaking cartoons mourning attack
the pen is mightier than the sword “ : heartbreaking cartoons mourning
rt worth a 1,000 words : heartbreaking cartoons mourning attack
leave the hit the person behind it.
sorry , tweeting does not cut it . that does not defy islamism . it is pretend courage . publish
defying they have a responsibility to out and act against extremism in their fold.
insulter or there are lots of interpretations, selective and not so, of most historical figures
go sun ... nice to see courage in canada.
does not equal terrorism any more than christianity equals white supremacy
these are not the right cartoons, nothing to do with is
the one that portrait ed on al baghdad is not there,
better draw your own mohammad cartoons
i think i will leave that to you
how is this no one murdered because of this image
u have not read q'ran. read it and perpetrate all from the psycho “ prophet “
we are defying terrorism not islam
white house says shooting at office seems to be an attack on freedom of press .
y not mention the true cause islam !
seems to be do not let the control the narrative
' freedom of the press ' really ?
ya right. as if you would know. listen to the seal team.
your nuts. even the shooter says obama deserves some credit for giving the go ahead.
that is why he took out bin laden ?
this coming from an administration where the press is too chickens**t to call out the president.
no you idiot the guy who shot bin laden said so on tv.
another terror attack by the religion of peace.
it was an attack by muslim extremists on innocent people and the killers are masked cowards of allah !
12 people dead seems to be “ an attack on freedom
twitter campaign launched following massacre with ( iamcharlie ) .
; re-publish the cartoons
so why art you publishing the cartoons ???????????
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
saudi government to give 1,000 lashes today , outside a mosque , to a saudi blogger who " insulted islam
can he not leave and be free somewhere else ? dictatorship is slavery ...
how quickly would this be condemned by governments if saudi was a poor country ?
problem is we export a lot to them.
thank you for reminding me what we are up against.
is anyone going to say “ this is wrong but ... “ about this case too ?
he looks so much like charlie, it is eerie ...
they did it peacefully of course.
still but it is actually 50 lashes once a week for 20 weeks.
any people actually have thus amounted and survive ?
perpetuating distorted manner of human control via islam.
gagged since 25 years by the press for breaking the silence on corruption
it is already happened he got 50 lashes.
parisian doctor : " let is all subscribe to ... it will be in my waiting room until i retire
. you said the right thing, dominique
the future of all our children is in hands of muslims prepared to speak & amp ; act
i will do the same as a turkish muslim. that will be my partial repay at least
turns out was a two face douche on free speech - telegraph
that is a false compare.
nobody should have been killed over those cartoons. fuck those cartoons. - see more at :
turns out was a two face douche on free speech - telegraph ”
turns out was a two face douche on free speech - telegraph ”
not true. they mocked every religion. your research.
nobody should have been killed over those cartoons. fuck those killers. ” agreed.
'. everyone is equal, but some are more equal than others. '
: schools near the kosher grocery siege are in lockdown
great post why not post on proximity based travel network ?
do not plead that this is not because the terrorist is antisemitic. just a wolf with problems ?
rt schools near the kosher grocery siege are in lock down “
has become the poster child for no open borders & amp ; tolerance of islam.
schools near the kosher grocery siege are in lock down ”
journalists and others using to express support for freedom of speech after paris attack
to support freedom of speech after paris attack ”
does not matter until they keep a blind eye to jihad to fulfill there desire of becoming liberal.
eh print the cartoons too ?
courageous journalism. . great. thank you. .
breaking : another hostage situation in eastern paris .
breaking another hostage situation in eastern paris. ” 😳
they are talking bout this on breakfast club this morning
breaking another hostage situation in eastern paris. ” oh god
breaking another hostage situation in eastern paris. ” wait that is my side of-
and that is the city of love
breaking another hostage situation in eastern paris. ”
breaking another hostage situation in eastern pparis.”
breaking another hostage situation in eastern paris. ” mg
time to start blaming the jews again
breaking another hostage situation in eastern paris. ” yikes
photos : two standoffs in paris
reminder aqua is everywhere. these bastards breed like rats !!
this gets more bizarre by the minute
. photos two standoffs in paris ”
terrorist had meeting with former president
photos two standoffs in paris ”
breaking news : 2 hostage standoffs right now in france . 1 involves suspects .
once again it shows total and absolute failure and incompetence of french intelligence and police in preventing terrorism.
watching paint dry is more interesting than this !
terrorists are winning because intelligence services are totally incompetent and asleep. they are always too late.
does not give coverage to basic customers, so have to watch france 24 tv !
two hostage situations underway simultaneously in . latest on our live blog :
get those bastards and hang them and investigate israel behind it too
printers where the terrorists are holed up
just in : officials report suspects in charlie hebdo massacre are dead , hostages freed
there not suspects there murdering scum just wanted to clear that up
' we have stories to tell . not everyone will like them . stand with us . '
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
unfortunately not as someone sent me this image
steve bell on the charlie hebdo attack – cartoon
you are a broke ass nigger living in a godforsaken country
taught me to avoid dealing with ignorant. they will end up dragging me to their level
now stop trying to justify those idiots, ' may ?
whatever man peace i am out !
you illiterate dick wad spreading the venom of your fake religion and fake prophet
so these guys are not isis. so what ? neither were fanatics the editors of.
the militia made by the purely western agenda ?
stereotyping like you are the god of this universe while you are just a scum bag
its imams who radicalize lost kids, not catholic priests, unbeliever.
yes it it is not freedom of speech if it is limited by religious sensitivity
just because some idiots do stuff does not mean we all do stupid stuff.
we have the right to mock anything and everyone, tolerate and live with this
keep calm and fuck your god
you are a human and also museum, you should curse this massacre without saying any excuse.
confidently talking about like you have studied it you are entire life. piss off
with murder. this attack was a combination of intimidation and ignorance together
that is your every other religious fanatic is- problem : you can not tolerate ...
have not beheaded anyone in my life. but yeah whatever you say
i said nothing justifies this crime but keep in mind the intimidation
over all your shallow judgments and dirty languages
fine then please accept the fact that what happened yesterday was a result of religious intolerance
look at is previous tweet and please stop demeaning the conversation !
man your level of ignorance. cant tolerate it
you mean scum fuck ? watch this video.
stop trying to explain stuff to people who solve their differences with beheading.
you can suck a you infidel. am talking about evidence, you sand nigger,
said by the person who am sure never touched the duran
sure a western agenda that muslims fall for it
like i said they are morons. my dad comes up with worse insults than that paper did.
are not too good at following shari'ah either. like court trials for prisoners
get me the name of the sure and the verse number.
nor will they have anyone to help. “
never justified you are putting words in my mouth. they actually broke shari'ah
on your cattle worshiper
that maturity level is high 😐
my faith challenged because of you translating duran the way you want
my parents are i know how to “ tolerate “ and handle other people is beliefs !
please watch this if you are not scared to have your faith challenged.
i meant to put his in.
you are a backward you are wasting mine, you infidel filth
those who fight you “
freedom of speech does not mean disrespect
let us heathens continue a proper conversation ...
again am i saying ignorance from the criminals and intimidation from the victims.
of superiority complex for something you had no say on. perfect !
president obama condemns paris attack , calls it noterrorist attack ' & amp ; pledges u.s. assistance :
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
fruits of teaching wake up world ! in islam means submission to or die !
uses violence against every day.
by letting known terrorists go free from gizmo ?
yeah whatever the weakest president on terror and foreign policy ever.
- smoke coming out in
smoke coming out in ”
many shots explosions too & gt ; & gt ; rt : - smoke coming out in
smoke coming out in ”
smoke coming out in “
the pen is mighter than the sword
in 14 modern amp ; & amp ; re tweeted
in which the many covers of are tweeted to the 54k followers of this account :
. congratulations on having more courage than the entire cowed uk print media combined
a black person drawn as a monkey. much satire. so joke.
awkward to look at but i * think * it is taking the mickey out of racists.
and to my paltry number too.
i just find it gross how so many are willing to post racist imagery on their own feeds.
must admit to being a little nervous about rt the covers but had to be done.
that cartoon is making fun of the rassemblement blue marine, the far right
sure. i was aware of the story.
and on to my own paltry 300.
. slightly confused what this is supposed to represent except that they hatefully caricature all oppressed groups ?
they are still pretty offensive.
sure. but no need for everyone else to publish it.
i condemn shooting .. i also do not accept naming it islamic terrorism
yes a saying this low
all are not terrorist but all muslims are terrorist. logically its true.
what about millions of killed looking for nonexistent wed. is your hand bloody then ?
how do u call brain than ?
paranoid schizophrenic. he was an actual “ lone wolf “
it seems that it does.
there are no facts in your tweet.
terrorism has no religion. it is that simple, u get it or not
i answered your now please answer mine. what would you call it then ?
just like your excuses are not going to change the fact
one cares if you accept it or not. it is islamic terrorism, plain and simple.
cant handle facts. care to disprove ?
rt : the earth without art is just ' eh ' .
good to meet you and thanks for posting - it is an eloquent image !
in 14 amp & amp ; re tweeted eh !
were boulder summer ' satire ' cartoons art ? or a militant atheist provocation ?
video : gunfire and explosions heard at printworks in dammartin-en-goele siege
video gunfire and explosions heard at print works in dammartin-en-goele siege ”
video gunfire and explosions heard at print works in dammartin-en-goele siege ” not again
video gunfire and explosions heard at print works in dammartin-en-goele siege ” oh jazz
video gunfire and explosions heard at print works in dammartin-en-goele siege via
it is honestly so horrible.
wow. wow ...
hoping the hostages are all ok.
video gunfire and explosions heard at print works in dammartin-en-goele siege ”
video gunfire and explosions heard at print works in dammartin-en-goele siege ”
great visual coverage ... but when you going to start asking the questions that the public are asking.
watched it happened to have it on
shit on a stick man : c
hell you guys were faster than fox, you must be there.
maybe it is time for free societies to haul campus speech codes to the trash .
stand in solidarity with fight for free speech.
maybe it is pastime. political correctness is suicide.
i hope it starts to chop away at the dangerous pc speech code creeping around us college campuses.
never misses a chance to generously surrender the free speech rights of others.
breaking : explosions heard at store in east paris where hostages are being held :
we gonna deal with it. multiculturalism is adding more to europe than taking away.
hey do not be bitter just because your country was beat twice.
do you want i am happy hitler lost.
that is where they hide. that is where the message needs to be sent.
putting their bodies on display sends the right message. we are done turning the other cheek.
. are there no special rescue forces who could immediately respond to such siege.?
it is the radicals who are murdering in the name of muhammad. you bet they would care.
that is cruel. our society is better than that dude.
you would not be better than them if you would do that kind of stuff.
seems like simultaneous explosions at both locations
obviously you need a history book.
was involved in nearly any war.
what a start to 2015. idiots
i am so yes i guess.
we do not go around murdering people over cartoons. they behead children because they are christian.
rt international explosions heard at store in east paris where hostages are being held
explosions at site where charlie hebdo suspects holed up : afp
explosions at site where charlie held suspects holed up : eight ”
explosions at site where suspects holed up : eight ”
rt explosions at site where charlie held suspects holed up : eight
the controversial history of france is " charlie hebdo "
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
the controversial history of france is “ charlie held “ ”
too soon rt the controversial history of france is “ charlie held “
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
rt the controversial history of france is “ charlie held “
the controversial history of france is “ charlie held “ ”
the controversial history of france is “ charlie held “ ”
the controversial history of france is “ charlie held “ ”
la controversial historian “ : the controversial history of france is “ charlie held “ ”
are you kidding that is your headline ?!?!?
provocative ... are you kidding me ...???
“ they won’t kill freedom . ” europe is newspapers respond to attack
religion text drip evil read it i am expert on this.
rt they won’t kill freedom. ” europe is newspapers respond to attack
all groups and all use this text to justify there evil deeds
its not an anger it is a solution to problem. it is scientific.
program will make new modern peaceful islam & amp ; ends terrorism from its roots for ever
since people do not read tr for we have to make them see the truth via tv program
we must judge religion it is who is killing people.
what 2,000,000,000 not condemning a terror attack looks like.
the four hero is of freedom of expression who were killed by terrorists in paris .
rip the real true heroes of earth !!
tragic ... but keep letting muslims take over your country. france
the must show them what real is before western society is destroyed !
a woman in paris stands with a sign
a woman in paris stands with a sign ”
everybody with the tag. all against terrorism and for freedom of the press worldwide.
a woman in paris stands with a sign ” ✊✊❤️❤️
did you see this post ?
a woman in paris stands with a sign ”
anothermagazine
can not wait for doing it
i love you lt you are my idol & lt
irony is that this week is cover of charlie hebdo is an attack against islamophobe writer houellebecq
is not an anyway, today massacre is certainly no cure against islamophobia.
rt irony is that this week is cover of charlie held is an attack against islamophobe writer houellebecq
a writer who writes hysterically about his country being taken over by sharia law is an islamophobe
in 2022 i will make the ramadan “
mt irony this week is cover of held is attack against islamophobe writer houellebecq
rt irony is that this week is cover of charlie held is an attack against islamophobe writer houellebecq
i get the headline and lost teeth part. what is the second speech bubble saying about ramadan ?
please , rt ! attack has another victim ! via
who alive non affected muslims who were not murdered today ? fucking twat !
one can only hope. i meant it as a dark omen, more than anything else.
the ripples continue to spread ….
rt attack has another victim ”
ridiculous to claim are victims in attack. only freedom & amp ; humanity are.
wait and see. in the long run, they will be
congrats on your tweet !
i know you do and you have my heart felt sympathy at that injustice.
rt attack has another victim ! via
attack has another victim ”
take he says you will be the next.
look at the big نحن. المسلمون والإسلام نفسه attack has another victim !
rt attack has another victim ! via ”
we put up with it every day. it is just not reported
the only actual victims here are the french cartoonists, not anyone else.
rt rt attack has another victim ! via ”
rt attack has another victim ! via
michelle stanistreet , general secretary of the national union of journalists ( uk ) on the attack :
mt general sec of the national union of journalists (uk) on attack :
so let is see these cartoons on tomorrow is front pages. surely. surely ?
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
' ... without and ... ' wonder ... how about how brown, hammond treated
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
freedom of expression belongs to the world “ national union of journalists (uk) attack : ”
goal. secretary of the national union of journalists (uk) on the attack : ”
most religious organizations like to silence their critics try or sadly these twats just use guns
freedom freedom never stand down. viva la france.
re tweets happy new year guys share pass it on. …
who profits from killing charlie ? ( op-edge by pepe escobar )
shareholders amp media shareholders/ israel
who profits from killing charlie ? “ i think you would find this article interesting
who does not profit ...
will hold nothing back against these looking forward to the abuse these pigs will get.
can not open the subject is very interesting
’ s most controversial religious covers , explained -- photos :
r. i. p held ... you will be missed by many. your the best.
is not that what i am doing ? what is the problem here ?
it is the gay muhammad one that you are not showing, pussies
religion is a and choices are open for criticism. religion is not a race.
what racist shit are you talking about ?
’ s most controversial religious covers, explained -- photos : ”
the weapons recently gave to terrorists were for killing people in & amp ; not … …
being is better than being fired at, no ?
because it is just like something is labeled antisemitic if it is anti-judaism
the weapons recently gave to terrorists were for killing people in & amp ; not … …
can i draw a cartoon to mock the holocaust ?
it does not matter what the medium is. it is still racist
tell that to who fired someone for being antisemitic
hatred against comes with certain threats and consequences that hatred against christians does not come with
when white women put on hi jab, they lose their white privilege for this reason.
i would rather not see this racist shit on my tl thanks
control.
over 1000 french nationals gather in martin place in sydney to remember victims of the attack .
you might want to check out the news we are aggregating on this and much more :
emotional stance dead cartoonists were defying and of ordinary people ! served them a right !
what an incredible sight at a place of such tragedy only a matter of weeks ago
rt over 1000 nationals gather martin pl to remember victims
.... we have to be strong ....
over 1000 nationals gather in martin place in sydney to remember victims of attack ”
over 1000 nationals gather in martin place in sydney to remember victims of the
my religion does not execute people for drawing
gunmen in attack are on the loose , " will ( be ) chased as long as necessary , "
hey are you afraid of saying islamist terrorist ?
video of that police officer is murder does not need to be broadcast. so beyond inappropriate.
with the happy family less amsterdam jihadists fighters ’ abroad.
a picture that sums up .
is killing people in middle-east, africa, europe and asia - is this lies !
an unfortunate expression of the idea that hate conquers hate.
what can i say. you are proud zionist so you probably hate islam i am i right ?
me too also i am a muslim
do you condemn the murder of journalists in paris ??
skeleton with caption missing ... who are being killed most ... by these self preached morons
genocide against and everyone that does not support their death cult.
what is your major malfunction ? islam : why i will always choose to be an infidel !
u know what is islam ? then just keep silence !!
of course i condemn it they are innocents
not so sure about gov leaders.
‘ muslims don’t believe in freedom of speech ’ : anjem choudary on the charlie hebdo attack :
you clearly do not understand what free speech means.
expose their dogma for the delusion it is. people need to know the truth.
well ... it would be better to educate them, than to stir them into a frenzy ...
no ... you are just not a priority ...
i am but a lot of people are not.
sooner we extract ourselves from the european court of human rights the better. kick stirrers like him out
if someone does not like a critique or if the delivery is too blunt it is labeled ridicule.
curiously he exploits the freedom afforded to him to state this.
gay reeducation general bigotry by a wide minority
i am glad he has this right. it exposes him as the utter baboon-flavoured bobwhite he is.
as i they should be shut down ...
if you are not trying silence theists, what is the purpose of your constant ridicule ?...
because you seem to disagree : what other reason, for your persistence, is there ?...
all that ridicule is encouraged more hatred ...
neither many atheists ...
then why are you even disagreeing with me here.
are you getting these like 20 minutes late ?
because it happens on both sides. to err is human, atheism specifically is not the culprit
so the evangelical church should subsequently be shut down as well, as the people behind it.
from ... dogma a point of view or tenet put forth as authoritative without adequate grounds
everyday welfare scrounger sharia pimps like live in uk they breathe in apostate farts-must love smell
though that true ... i experience that, quite often ...
2. the fact that any exist is a crime
if you do not see it, it is only because you do not want to ...
turning a blind eye does not mean atrocities are not happening to others, daily.
can u get him a face lift
... that definition just as well, to atheism, as it does theism ...
i am actually not aware of anyone but conservative news anchors attempting to stir the frenzy '
i agree ... they should be shut down ...
well i am done talking to you until you actually have an idea about what you want to say
i have no that you would know ...
3. regardless of their domestic scarcity, the operate without reproach.
whatever you say.
1. that they are common anywhere is horrendous
it’s horrible that paris has to deal with all these violent attacks . what a way to start 2015 .
oh my god. that is so scary. sending my prayers to everyone there. that is awful
queen what is that ?
what are they doing about it ?
charlie hebdo is latest issue . they made fun of all religions ...
what are they doing picking up the dead bodies ? thanks for your support
do nothing to stop the purging going on in this world.
freedom of expression and thought. you of all people (displaying a poppy) should understand this.
and i am not planning a trip to paris over it.
i am not seeing it. i will keep looking though
true but most religions have a sense of humor. islam being the exception apparently
do not expect these people to think logically.
... has a proud history of tolerance. . barack obama. .
indeed. nor should it matter if they decided to make fun of only one religion.
i will bet those equally horrible christians killed 11 people too, right ?
they have the right. that is the point
it should not matter. even if they only attacked islam. should not matter.
mocked muslims , christians , jewish and buddists none of them responed violently except for muslims !
the killing people in iraq & amp ; afghanistan
in direct response to the magazine i think his point is
it is all none of it is right
u got me curious share a jewish 1. note : jews are known for making self-deprecating jokes
the are too busy killing people in palestine
as a pagan i would have hoped to see them mocking us too.
are being attacked all over the world
like this services deprive occupied nations from independence, by making them terrorists
it is it divides people, it allows people to do this and think it is right
religions in all cobblers
that is what we have been told.
the i do not think they murder in the name of religion
mocked jewish and buddhists none of them responded violently ”
agence france-presse staff line up to proclaim
they will be hiding under their desks by next week, fearful to utter the word
they will be hiding under their desks by next week
it would be more compelling if eight would report the truth about islamist rather than this twitter photo op
this was obviously an organized event so who organized it ?
rt agency staff line up to proclaim
agency staff line up to proclaim
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim.
the is already under their desk, cowering in fear
this pictures are bringing tears to my eyes # jesuischarlie
' journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed : everything else is public relations ' - orwell
journalism is printing what someone else does not want printed : everything else is public relations - orwell via
... guilty of at the expense of truth, clarity and respect
i know what you but surely that is a bit overgeneralized ?
no matter who it embarrasses are far fewer than i once remember.
benevolent dictator i say
i have long hated journalists and their excuses because of both football and political lies for self gain
question then who decides ?
video from the scene of fatal shooting in paris
rt video from the scene of fatal shooting in paris
terrible if only people did not hand out guns : … jeffrey epstein also member of car+trilateral commission
arms manufacturers have a lot to answer for
hostages taken at paris kosher supermarket . live coverage :
yep looks like it says steak and chips to me too ! orgasmic
hostages taken at paris kosher supermarket. live coverage : ”
hostages taken kosher supermarket. live coverage : ” they coming for jews
hostages taken at kosher supermarket. live coverage !
and republicans want to cut spending for homeland security.
hostages taken at kosher supermarket. live coverage : ” rt
hostages taken at paris kosher supermarket. live coverage : ” heck !
reaps what their lies have sown.
hostages taken at paris kosher supermarket. live coverage : ”
hope only female police surround the building. would they want to martyr then ????
every paper or magazine on earth should reprint charlie hebdo is ' offending ' cartoon tomorrow . they have not
assuming it is the cause of this, yes. but that’s a bloody big assumption, surely
sure my widow and children would be very proud of me, but no thanks.
what we should share racist cartoons because some people got murdered for them ?
of course it is the cause you wank stain watch the news you can hear them shouting about it
that would be the only way to really fight that scourge ...
there is a difference between defending the right itself and circulating something inflammatory for the sake of sanctifying ...
well fucking said come on press luminaries get in with it
put up a link to the cartoon. i will rt it. everybody should.
did you call for us all to convert to islam too after the swedish mosque arson attacks ?
racist and should not be given an uncritical platform just because its become an accessory to an atrocity
obama told sony to stand up to north korea in support of free speech . he will make no such
then maybe the should stand up and condemn their insane factions so others do not have to.
yes but crazy talk host thought we should go to war over a movie !!
politicians and most of the media will only condemn those within the sphere of political correctness
yep. preaching to the choir ....
is political correctness will be a major factor in its destruction !!
do you understand that is muslims killing muslims- conservatives vs liberals- but muslims- they are identifying
i am not angry. have a good day.
because has proof the hack was an inside job. gov not would not listen.
fighting muslim extremist. your kids fighting ? mine r
thanks for the legal time and adding features and trying not to break shit.
have through history jews have - muslims too. incas- mayans- they all killed- history !!
your misguided is not protecting terrorist and extremist- he is killing them as fast as he can-
this is just more proof that obama supports the radical islam ideology.
each and every one of them.
charlie hebdo mocked jews . number of people killed = 0
and you know this how ? through fox news ?
may have been involved or russia or french themselves.
nut job me thinks so.
still can not answer a simple question you wanker.
i deny the existence of ur brain, shimmy
do you call for stopping nonwhite immigration to the us, europe, australia, canada, nz ?
you had already indicated you wanted to stop the discussion. now you pretend you did not.
you are full of shit. you can go now.
and did the killing in paris ? conspiriologist much ! lol
is known to do false flags against west.
we need to meet mate in down south in sutton with our boys we need to do this cut
can you answer my question first ?
still can not answer a question, nut job.
you deny has done false flags on us ?
no i asked you first. if you can not then are a conspiriologist full of it.
held mocked number killed- 0. charlie held mocked all politicians. number killed -0.
the victims of the attack
foreign promoted wars not sure anyone is promoting isis
western media or western powers who control information flow are the ones not giving muslims that voice
being disrespectful is what has dragged civilization through the enlightenment.
people who want to make a point find ways, just look at the radicals
where is all the outcry against these terrorist actions ?
here is what scholars are saying, why is mainstream tv not showing it ??
the victims of the attack ” names that will be in my prayers 🙏💔
so these guys would be doctors, police ? not rapists beheading people ?
i do not understand what you mean ?
open your eyes you will find them
my point u march for your people, not those you religion effects
they march for and nobody listens although there are serious war crimes there.
as a i utterly condemn what are vicious and cowardly acts of terrorism against innocent civilians.
are against these at the same time there is no respect for muslims and their religion
hang the terrorists then under that peace walk, hahahaha
is the aftermath of iraq etc
you should really stop blaming every issue on the west.
the victims of the attack ” a true travesty !
somewhere , marine le pen is planning her presidential inauguration & amp ; figuring out where putin is guest of
in general is good, no ?
east much more receptive to immigration restrictions and a firm hand, imho.
the only thing ex communist countries did right ; not importing (and after. not integrating) islam
in leftist western those immigrants were never encouraged to integrate well into society
or perhaps they don’t win because they’re not good enough.
west especially is in a bit of a liberal bubble
i am afraid is going through dark days ...
when the nationalist movement gets going, that is when things will start getting interesting.
what do you mean abwehr = intel services and regina triggers extreme muslim attacks ?
some are saying that the attackers are speaking ru in the execution did. what do you think ?
just can not print flags fast enough this morning considering the counter-protesting 2 days ago ...
and the political correctness propaganda machine of the establishment also prevents the ' extreme right ' to win
i suspect that counterintelligence has had an extraordinary run of good luck which is running out.
now the lefties will write that its sir agents not jihadists.
and they will be shouting : “ nationalist conservatives of all countries, unite ! “ ?
good time for to offer assistance in “ fighting terrorism “ indeed.
explosions and gunfire heard at scene of hostage-taking at kosher supermarket in eastern paris
explosions and gunfire heard at scene of hostage-taking at kosher supermarket in eastern paris ”
good tactics live streaming the police movements outside the buildings
explosions and gunfire heard at scene at kosher supermarket in eastern paris ”
before the brutal attacks on , the big news today was houellebecq is new novel imagining a muslim president of
not just but and it was mocked by these weeks ' issue of
we have a president in usa. destroying country from within. taqiyya.
we do not have to imagine it here ...
a map given to me in peshawar
uk police hold 2 minutes silence for slain paris officers
and it turns out he was muslim.
police is practicing the ceremony for the future.
two terrorists have surrendered the others are still on the run
painful picture why they did not disarm & amp ; leave !
plus in the picture perhaps he has pulled the fucking trigger yet !?
that is what we experience here in kenya. but god strengthens us
police hold 2 minutes silence for slain paris officers ”
this photo will surely be the iconic one where west becomes a vichy walk over.
another angle on this so called terrorist attack in paris
pulling video evidence showing ' no blood ' after cop shot in head at point blank range
where is the victims blood ??
he drew first , by .
all the source of the terror in the world from iran directly or indirectly
rt he drew by.
wow. rt he drew first, by.
he drew by. via ” rip
an eye for an eye makes the world blind. ghandi ?
he drew by. ”
he drew first, by. ”
he drew by. ”
when are we just going to nuke these desert people and be done with them ?
he drew by. via
sorry. my misspelling
the one country besides all arabs hate ?
he drew by. ” | a cowardly act.
would be funny if it were not depressing
here’s a gallery of some of the more famous covers by that got people riled up
here’s a gallery of some more famous covers by that got people riled up ”
those who seek to end w/ violence are moral & amp ; intellectual cowards . its defenders are heroes of
well said. but who now will publish mohammad the mad. it is a death sentence.
how long is it before we can start blaming ourselves ?
. censoring cartoons and caving to pressure from ' islamophobia ' propagandists is dangerous. jesuischarlie
agree with every newspaper in europe should print the cartoons tomorrow.
it continues to mystify me why people do not move in hoards/en masse to atheism.
i am uneasy with the portrayal of charlie hebdo as magazine that " provokes " . no , it publishes
it is a satirical publication. satire provokes. at least, it damns well should.
is that not the point of satire ?
when you fully well know the backlash then it is provocative
some paintings above ' us. others do not.
they responded to provocation. spoke the truth as they saw it with humor, and conviction.
the point of satire is to provoke. if it does not it is not satire.
still their choice and that is not a standard civilized people should have to adhere to.
. agreed satire is a necessity.
can you turn love on and off ?
does your child ' choose ' how to react you or you them ?
solidarity with charlie hebdo .
solidarity with held. ”
could if you translate this into english, please ?
i wish i would pay attention in french at school now !!!
hats off to you nick. respect.
' it is a massacre . there are dead!' employee of charlie hebdo tells french media outlet before call disconnects
what a shame. where was the armed security to deal with 3 assailants ?
too many sad things happening all around the globe
what is up with the security at that moment ?
moderates .... great job the rest of the world should wake up !
some hostages seen leaving paris kosher market after police raid
prayers and thoughts are with every victim the bastards tormented. .
powerful photo of the day mt “ : hostages leaving paris kosher met after police raid ”
some hostages seen leaving paris kosher market after police raid ”
here the site of the second space of hostage in paris !! & lt
one of the best cartoons i have seen so far by
one of the best cartoons i have seen so far by ”
we all must stand for charlie. give your support here :
one of the best cartoons i have seen so far by
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
one of the best cartoons i have seen so far 3am year la yesta3mel l me77aye ?
the events at won’t make me discriminate against islam . i will remain steadfast in finding all religions equally stupid
not actually sure how you ended up in it ... sorry
i will remain steadfast in finding all humans equally stupid. there, fixed it for you.
and that is the reason will remain the scourge it is. stupid people that refuse to
equally stupid but not equally dangerous
please omit me from this thread.
i have to admit that was good ...
but that was almost a thousand yrs ago, xians have mostly developed since then, islam still medieval
you can also equalize the flu and the cancer using the same arguments.
violence in the past does not excuse violence today.
: hundreds of muslims gather outside the grande mosquee of strasbourg to observe a minute of silence
. how much sang hi filth protested lakshmi sahara ? zero.
how many people are you trolling ?
you mother slept beneath a thousand camels.
has yours ever slept retired dentist my ass, s failed janitor from your iq.
not bad for a religion with over 2 billion followers. 🙊🙈🙉
and i bet tens of thousands screamed for retribution when the offending cartoons were published !
you are one vile creature. a coward for sure and a total idiot.
only in hundreds .... for protesting they turn out in lakes .... drama
and all the innocent people that have been killed for criminal bankers/drug lords/ceo.
you that sounds somewhat unbalanced. conspiracy weirdo unbalanced.
hundreds !!!
retired head of exposes “, , rings “ :
as we can not hundreds, a hundred maybe
wonder who the moment of silence is for ?! (sarcasm)
retired dentist. too much
looks to be about 120 people.
how many leaders condemned paris killing ? none
i can not compete against such wit and wisdom.
the loudest ones seek for continuing of barbaric acts.
why would you choose to let me control your emotions ? that gives me power.
working for you what are your goals ? why did you attack me ?
how do you explain the thousands of studies that show fluoride reduces susceptibility to decay ?
you are one of those women from the trailer park, right ?
oh. did my tweet say they were all the same ?
... or planning the next attack.
died young treason bank creates principal $$ not interest $$$$ owed exist short
my timeline is full of muslims condemning attacks - just like the rest of the world .
only wishes you to fear his followers “ (duran, aal-e-imran : 175)
i suppose that is not what this means, this is a call of attention against generalization
there is always people doing it. i think it is sad too
despicable and cowardly act should be condemned by all sane person.
normal we are all concerned by terrorism whatever its source.
how can you say it has ' nothing to do with islam ' ? islamist terrorists almost certainly responsible
but response by politicians (see daily politics) so far banal and cliched
publicly condemn the attack but privately fund madrases & amp ; support decriminalization of homosexuals/infidels
whole word human condemns at that attack
my family is french . my family is muslim . i am a journalist . we are grieving .
please condemn or any jihads on the name of humanity
thanks for grieving. what next ?
it simply says do not sit with them “.
arms around you so sorry for your loss and ours.
blocked me for asking reasonable questions !
it is not clear at all.
and why might my question in itself be deemed offensive ?
who are you asking what are you asking ? for goodness ' sake.
deepest sympathy to you and all that have been affected by this tragedy.
a powerful condemnation of today is attack on france and the free world.
they must be experiencing cognitive dissonance then .... or exercising mental gymnastics to excuse.
congrats on your tweet !
my thoughts are with you in your grief
' attack on media ... world community can not allow extremists to silence free flow of opinions , ideas '
also governments most of the time silence your opinion if it is not inline with their interest
when the satanic verses was published, the un attacked france for not banning it.
west adopted extremist since used bin laden against russia. they stood with them against arab goats
blinkered approach by group in propogandering ultra neoconservative lowers respect for
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
it does not me u can kill ppm
liberal college administrators should not be doing it either.
there is a difference between flow of opinions and disrespecting others opinions.
white house responds to shooting at paris offices of .
you are a big part of the problem you wanker
i am sure he did.
white house responds to shooting at offices of. ”
... correction they did mention terrorists .sssmh.😒
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
a terrorist might appear from among muslims , but then he loses the qualities that make him muslim . ***
here comes the platitudes and excuses.
a terrorist might appear from among muslims, but then he loses the qualities that make him muslim.
what ever they do is not key in islam !
25 journalists from charlie hebdo took their first step toward publishing their next issue
murderers do not teach lessons.
good. go for it i will support that. everyone will support that.
25 journalists from charlie held took their first step toward publishing their next issue ”
white detonates explosive in a terrorist attack on american soil.
yr false prophet deserve no respect for anything, com islam respects no one and their values.
a must listen. classic observation on terrorism.
. will you dare publish the cartoons or continue patronizing muslims as if they can not handle them ?
is there any word named “ tolerance “ in islam.
pen has no muscle it can only instigate organize ultimately muscle gets end result
is radio praises charlie hebdo attackers as ' heroes '
no surprise here is radio praises ' charlie held attackers as ' heroes '”
army give to us high weapon, we ll fuck isis and their jihad !
trained shooters who kill muslims in are “ good rebels “ but same shooters in are terrorist ?
killing people in war has always been justified. not surprising at all.
anyone surprised by that rt is radio praises ' charlie held attackers as ' heroes '
what is the link of the radio ?
hardly shocking that those savages would be applauding from the sidelines.
is is a group of killers who believe only killing so killers are their heroes no wonder
rt is radio praises ' charlie held attackers as ' heroes '
theres such thing as is radio ? 😂
moving minute of silence at headquarters for the victims of charlie hebdo
great great manifestation.
moving minute of silence at headquarters for the victims of charlie held
my deepest condolences for innocent victims in paris. it is time to stand against barbara terrorists muslim friend
can not sleep tonight , thoughts with my french cartooning colleagues , their families and loved ones
program will end terrorism from its roots for ever
is most famous cartoonist , 87 year old uderzo - father of asterix - comes out of retirement for .
please look up the period in which the “ aster ix “ stories are set. thank you.
' shoes ' are a racist choice, so wrong to me.
actually they were are french people to be expelled for terrorism ?
by tuttis that is great.
what ever aster ix is saying, he punches a north african, not a terrorist.
is most famous cartoonist undergo comes out of retirement for. ”
even the iconic aster ix beliefs in freedom
shame about the choice of footwear. the killers were wearing boots or trainers.
nice but is oxygen for fundamentalist : gasoline do not extinguish fire.
i do not think you can infer much from such ambiguous footwear.
utterly brilliant. i grew up reading aster ix.
the media is going to get all of us into even trouble.
no teeth lingering in the air though ...?
you do not even want to acknowledge that it was arabs. too much political correctness.
i believe they were
cartoonists stand in solidarity with victims with these powerful images
attack associated with us 9/11 cover-up : former intelligence chairman / sputnik international
cartoonists stand in solidarity with these powerful images ”
your source for reliable news is.? no wonder you are so uninformed.
is the mouthpiece of it is laughable you would quote this crap. are not you embarrassed
and me too in new zeal and
cartoonists stand in solidarity with victims with these images ”
attack associated with us 9/11 cover-up : former intelligence chairman / sputnik international
associated with us : former intelligence chairman / sputnik international
paris shoot-out : the shocking images of the terrorist attack against satyrical weekly
these attacks can not b justified but certainly seems a provocation by the newspaper.
has happened to this world
rt the shocking images of the terrorist attack against satirical weekly
rt shocking images of the against
i guess the prophet is not mighty enough to avenge himself ?
rt : the shocking images of the terrorist attack against satirical weekly
this is what courage and duty look like ...
we need someone to do the job and make a decision. courts then make sure.
not alarmed is the best advice
only because someone has complained about the tweet. blame the complainer not the police.
what the courts decide is another matter.
unfortunately the police and nigerian army is busy dancing show behind get at election campaigns
absolutely i have the utmost respect for them. in total contrast to the
well if it is hate induced it can be criminal and that is the way it is. 1/2
last time i checked police officers do not create the law, they uphold it
. bless them all. be safe. 💐
alas ....... another sweeping generalization without fact.
to serve and protect and up hold the law no matter what
this is what courage and duty look like ... ”
well twitter did not twitch ?
unless they are running away ?
and all we have is back sanders and dodgy cops from the uk. alas ....
everybody applauds it is this kind of thing that greatly alienates the public !
police have no place arresting people for expressing an opinion - no matter how distasteful
the courts yes. too many idiots plead guilty - should police scotland have got involved 1/2
well said. let us not forget !
well they are holders of the office
bordering civil and criminal like any business does not care about police resources
but unfortunately they are increasingly interpreting it - not always correctly
amen amp god bless.
one million copies of will be printed next week , which typically has a print run of 60,000
....... how can i buy a copy !
today in lighted up candles & amp ; protested against terrorism attacked in paris on media.
. stay can you death sells.
i am alright rather live in the free world.
i d be surprised if it would not go for more
will rise. keep printing and we are patiently watching,
so now everyone can officially laugh at these moronic extremists. more people will see what they despise
print millions if you islam will rise. we are patiently watching who is fooling who
great decision. will definitely be getting a copy.
thanks for sharing you are now featured on
is there a fund being set up by them ?
i am in paris right now . the mood is somber , but rational : no over-reaction . free speech
what .... where is tony ?
have you seen that magazine though ....
... with a cartoon of mohammad ! no over reaction, just freedom of speech ?? hmmmm
maybe u should go and ride with them in paris ?
go down to the quarter you knob and see how long you last.
the multicultural fantasy is the problem !!
. good to hear. we need more campaigns and decency
the response in has been most dignified.
nato calls russia anti-terror ally after paris attack
calls anti-terror ally after paris attack ” - good sign ...
holy cow it is very nice, but why now ?
i guess does not consider non-islamist terrorists supported by russia as a threat
the enemy of my enemy ... well you know the rest.
the worst in the world is nato
calls anti-terror ally after paris attack ” ah, so putin not hitler anymore ?
calls anti-terror ally after paris attack ”
luring to conduct military ops on behalf of nato.
rt calls anti-terror ally after paris attack
too stupid to be true ! ?
a while ago , i tweeted this cover mocking the british . i do not remember anyone threatening violence .
translation but who wants the english in europe ? “
i find an excellent tool, but there are many online translators.
and you call us the horrible and hateful people ? you are the biggest hypocrite
anything fairy i eat dimwitted wankers like you for breakfast.
what the fuck is this mess
is that meant to depict a cordon face lift ?
you are comparing shaming of 1 country over shaming of an entire religion.
quite funny really would have laughed. one thing they can do is laugh at themselves.
bingo. you just helped me verify my point even stronger. thanks
this is what passes for humor in france ?
your religion sucks. download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
my mother if my stab at self-deprecating humor
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
that is because few of us understood it
i am deeply offended. where can i start a petition banning this kind of thing ?
demonstrations of solidarity after charlie hebdo attacks - in pictures
world values and protects it is as we remember the victims let is promote healthy & amp ; protest
may day souls n condolences 2 day families.
we are 100 000 charlie “ ! via
the cartoons are here , amongst other places -
what do we gain other than offending mainstream people ?
and that is your point of view. i disagree. end of civil conversation.
so you are saying it is okay that terrorists killed 12 people because they disagreed with free speech ?
but you are still missing the fact that if we hide the posts, the terrorists win.
the answer is more speech. speak out, speak out against terrorists who hijack your religion.
help me because i fail to understand it.
apologist for what just because i disagree with the cartoons makes me an apologist for terrorists ?
its your choice to take offense. make better choices.
their covers lampooning catholic church hypocrisy, the inability to criticism jewish extremism, etc ...
we finally get there. took your time. all boils down to that in the end.
win what and what do we gain ?
why should there be another objective ? offense can be their objective and still be valid.
are the greatest victims of their own silly religion.
terrorists follow an ideology rather than having a mental illness.
they use religion to control. they are fascists. we need humor
much higher up the list than publishing some stupid, thoughtless cartoons.
well get on the same page then.
huge respect to the for printing them - we need every news company to do the same.
i do think they were incredibly stupid but again, nothing justifies terrorism. nothing.
fuck you fuck you christian, fuck you invisible friend illness spreader.
they want to instill dictate our lives. silencing free speech is surrender
few is stupid and illogical. move one.
that we will not be threatened by terrorism.
and continues to offend mainstream muslims. it was and is stupid '
and what were they saying other than causing offense, intentionally ?
read the old testament lately ? ”
that sounds like a threat.
read the old testament lately ?
another intelligent response. glad you exercise your right of free speech. blocked.
absolutely agree. saying i disagree with your point “ is okay - massacre is not.
abhor many of them but obviously abhor murder far, far more
you keep blaming the maybe you want to look into that first.
yes. next or are you just going to keep being an ignorant apologist ?
considering they are the ones who drew the pictures, you are right. they do appreciate it.
intelligent comeback. well done.
anything less gives in to islamist insanity.
then you are just wrong.
they set out to make a point. they did.
really intelligent comeback there. well done 👏
was literally the point myself and others were making to be fair ...
we can not be cowards. they are drawings offs.
and in a quiet corner of twitter, is the problem entirely.
but in the continuing to offend muslims. i agree with this view
people should be free to report the offending cartoons, but is this a reasonable thing to do ?
absolutely. a heinous crime and expression of ideas must be protected. being respectful is a choice.
you mean like all the major muslim nations have ?
you should be more offended by those who use your religion to firebomb and kill.
the whole world is offended by what happened the offensive part was death.
agreed and no sane person would say otherwise but that is the point, the terrorists are not
uh ... guess that says it all rights there.
did they have a special edition satirizing christians and jews ? they intentionally targeted islam to get publicity
i am sure their grieving friends and families are comforted.
what is yours do not piss of religion of peace, they might kill you ?
no problem at all with that.
they were not thoughtless. you do not get it. never will.
given contrast between the terrorist & amp ; muslim policeman, i am avoiding sweeping generalizations.
that question is offensive bro.
defend your right by using guns and killing people. grow up. satire is healthy in society
fuck oppression
do not the cartoonists have the right to speak out about religions then ?
it is your choice to take offense. make better choices.
what if i am offended that women are allowed to speak out of turn ?
may i suggest it is time to report your comments on taking offense ? they seem very apt.
and what does that achieve by showing them ? and you are not charlie, you are stephen.
surviving charlie hebdo staff say they will publish next week , with 1m print run
i hope it is not some quiet american thing.
where can we buy it in london ?
any chance of guardian having it as an insert ? id is willing to pay the extra cost
surviving held staff say they will publish next week, with 1m print run
please publish some of their cartoons. appeasement is not a viable strategy.
guardian should headline all the cartoons -- or what do you think alan ?
today is : across the globe , becomes rallying cry .
pathetic mass madness drama event is a hoax, and proven so --
we are because of amp ; can not be killed & amp ; on forever !
today is across the globe, becomes rallying cry. ”
we can hold our head up high and be, not, to and
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
a sea of signs held by french nationals in sydney for victims .
a sea of signs held by french nationals in for victims. ”
grieving rt signs held by french nationals in sydney for victims. ”
a sea of signs held by french nationals in sydney for victims. ” wow xxix
a sea of signs held by french nationals in sydney for victims. ” amazing
a sea of signs held by french nationals in sydney for victims.
our thoughts go out out to people at charlie hebdo and their families . senseless violence is never the answer
voters can not destroy western europe quick enough, they are horrible people
which seems to suggest that violence, if it makes sense ' is an answer of sorts ...
how would the brain fly out when they have a towel wrapped around their heads ?
it will be fascinating to see how all the topical satire shows on british tv respond to the murders .
i cannot recall calling skip terrorists. are u having wet dreams ?
all stereotypes evolve from a kernel of truth. it is sad but it is still true
go back and read the thread again. then apply for a place at school
what kippers stereo typically get enjoyment out of others deaths ?!
has been practicing since 9-11 : old hands at it now.
i do not give a toss what he thinks about anything
it is called stereotyping. just like the muslims are painted. no ?
' types ' gleeful at 12 dead. outrageous comment !
so that means the skip racist stereotype is true ?
when the lowest form of wit flies so far over your head it is time to worry
gets millions from the eu so will do nothing to upset the eu.
i wager they will somehow manage to blame garage & amp ; skip
he will probably side with kofi-annan.
if you could remind me of the list of skip terrorist attacks i would be obliged
brand thinks it is americas fault
see no evil hear no evil speak no evil did i say see i see nothing.
even wipe went soft on in its year end review
what i want to know is what does russell brand think on the matter
there are useful idiots and then there is people like that ! on another scale entirely
we are allies ...
read amp understood it all thanks. you can place your advice where sun do not shine
unfortunately these types can not tell the difference between europe & amp ; the eu
the blame game in is the only one worth its salt eh
if hindus were not tolerant , this would have been the fate of hirani & amp ; aamir .
yes has already tweeted at dis park me agar asia hot to air khan key b varied nazi rest
not tolerant. say if were not timid .......
oh yes mph human that b *******
reprinting mohammed cartoons is best way to defy islamic cartoonophobia
reprinting best way to defy islamic cartoonophobia ”
unity w whom the ppm who kill blasphemers ? um, no
my word you are sharp as a tack my friends.
billions n billions copies to be p tinted and circulated all over the world.
i think these people are amazing ... thanks for a good tweet thread. keep the flame burning.
means respecting others right to deal with events their way. u do not have to agree.
that amp the law-abiding people of the world refusing to be legislated disarmed defenseless victims like
start making an entire series of comic books !
it actually makes sense for them to be angry and hateful 😕
force to accept islam then behead him
fathers kill brothers kill mothers and sisters
coexistence is only possible if everyone learns to tolerate blasphemy
how can you not be angry/hateful when doing evil against others
ha thanks for not killing me for annoying you.
i know. i love trans men they are so funny.
know all about these things they sicken me horribly
they just seem to be so gosh turned angry all the time !
we just said the same thing
everyone who has a cartoon defying mohammad should post it on tweeter and all media
i am not interested in men mending anything. i am interested in protecting free speech
wow ... not sure what i did to elicit that reaction but i will not lose sleep.
i am actually finding this funny your hilarious thanks 4 all the laughs
i do not see how drawing someone is prophet in a shitty way mends any society right now.
heaven forbid i dissent a little.
who is responsible for mending “ murderers minds ? where is personal responsibility ?
fuckers. talk about belching on the deal !
well clearly overcame their morals-not enough struggle
that is what they said to when he converts to appease ...
i will make a point of it. because you, sir/madam, are on point tonight.
i love you for fucking it up low
i feel you. truly. listen i hate all religion. “ my religion is charlie held “
let is be nice to fa. we are having a civil convoy
yeah they just have this perpetual furrow on their brows
in response to a terror attack
there goes my plans ... low
when u are looking for blasphemers instead of living good life
that is not true. good muslims are.
there is an absence of love
even if you they would kill you anyway.
trust are not “ calling for unity “ with anyone that is not of islam.
that is but we still want you dead
sorry what the fuck are you saying, chick ? are you telling her to butt out
these things are not a problem to intelligent parents. only imbeciles have problems with gender and sex
oh me neither. but are we trying to rise above or stoop here ?
we do draw our relatives low. we are not backward like you hunter.
look how they treat women and children, sheep for that matter.
stone women when they are raped.
my stalker terrorist is angry for another reason
how do you know ??? looool stop describing yourself
i like gravity is theory on south park : sexual frustration
father helps is stone his daughter ...
it is their religious duty low. look mad. find apostates. kill.
does not look like a lie to me. just posting some humor.
female genital mutilation. child rape - there is no love
right because the men and women are separated all the time !
the point is we have a right to offend
the best way to stand up for freedom today is 2 draws mohammad
breaking : explosions , smoke at industrial area where suspects are holed up :
screams ... no they got him ' ... wounded policemen
seems to be finished ... raid policemen down
i would appreciate a briefing by authorities rather than media analysis play byplay some misinformation
smoke at industrial area where suspects are holed up : ” 😭
assault finished. but no more info
4 explosions in and continuous shots. 3 personnel escaped .... till fighting
shooting at " an attack on freedom " , says dominque moisi , parisian political analyst :
who disarmed the victims useless to arm the victims after the attack. let victims defend their lives
then must rise up and punish these killers.
definitely adding that tweet to my
trouble that will drive the rats underground and rooting them out will be all but impossible.
thanks for letting me know i had no idea. that is awful.
not only anyone. they are dictators and murderers ! all of them !
shooting at an attack on freedom “, says dominique moist : ”
tell the west to stop finding syrian rebels who have become extremist
what would have made of what has been done in his name ?
extremism and terrorism has no place in islam
there is no reasoning with people like this. not interested in peace.
horrific attack on france and free speech . france , the cradle of press freedom . deep condolences and solidarity
and via
by the way love the page.
fight intimidation with controversy : ’ s response to critics
you need to get a life a cartoon never hurt anybody.
i never justified what happened i am saying that printing such cartoons is stupidity not freedom of expression
fight intimidation with controversy : ’ s response to critics ”
you are still living in the middle ages how on earth can you justify what has happened today ?
brave men and women standing up for free speech
pour fuel on the fire “. admitting at least there is a fire !
real journalism salute hope indian media learns at least 1% of it.
fight intimidation with controversy : ’ s response to critics ”
right but these attacks are not justified
i think i just said that !!!!!!
my faith is not wrong its interpretation done by a specific group is wrong
we are not responsible of , this is a fake , and maybe a scam . avoid it !
what is that countdown going to ?
so you give the of a site to tell people not to go on it ...
maybe you can hack it ?
strongly condemn the attack on . there is no justification for this brutal act . my thoughts are with the
thank u good stuff. this happens in christianity too. example jim jones in jamestown or hitler.
only blasphemy can be justified ?
a good article analyzing the basis of radicalism in any religion including :
president you always just condemned the all attacks. you do nothing about them in afghanistan.
only condemn such barbaric incidents may not fetch desired result, these elements need to be socially isolated
see perspective on exposing hypocrisy of blasphemy camp ; free speech
bad people use scripture out of context to justify evil deeds
you have no right to decide who should be alive and who wouldst.
charlie hebdo became well known for publishing the muhammed cartoons two years ago
why would you mention that before knowing the facts
but if u r disrespectful to muslims then i will slaughter u myself
people hijacking our religion which you have shown that you know of.
well you should tell that to the 25% who believe otherwise.
you will be going to 30 nerdy neck beards on macs quick if you tried
darling if we were scared of the truth then we would not be muslim.
maybe because they shouted the prophet have been avenged “ thus making it relevant to the story ?
we are not allowed to commit heinous crimes, especially in the name of god.
then stop wearing masks when you commit heinous crimes in the name of your allah. be proud
terrorism has become the systematic weapon of a war that knows no borders or seldom has a face.
no argument from me ... and no i did not get defensive ... all the best
scared of the truth ? your peaceful islam has their bloody hands in yet another murderous rampage
one step at a time. but just because they believe it, does not make it true.
several men in black were heard to shout note prophet has been avenged '”, wrote pierre de
not quite sure why you are calling me mate ...
what is your source i have not heard that reported yet ...
i do not want or need your prayers. goodbye
he she been arrested for blasphemy and inciting violence against muslims
correction it teaches us to worship god and doing good until death. yes i have.
a broadcast journalist with europe1 news. hope that helps mate. from :
i am guessing this is being considered terrorism right now or lone wolf ?
condolences to staff at charlie hebdo & amp ; their loved ones . they stood for free speech & amp
well you are frank. the eds harass, abuse, attack muslims in general.
peter how do you stand on the intolerance towards gays by these jihads ? is there a conflict ?
i have heard many eds attacks on muslims in general
on free speech is alright.
i think the eds would say peter that, like regina, they oppose islamification, not islam.
do not feed this frank.
who wants to execute ? idiot.
he repeatedly stresses he has muslim friends and had 4 of them at his wedding.
no. the eds was stirring anti-muslim hate. it was not targeting islamist extremists
rubbish. stop defending those that want to execute you. wake up peter !
tommy is a racist thug. just another kind of extremism.
you stand for turkey is
tommy has also made sweeping attacks on all muslims. very wrong
... eds pages full of thugs inciting violence against muslims + mosques. you know it
good god man you are finally coming ' round !!!!
shame then is t it you condemned the likes of eds when they were warning against exactly this
i would like to echo this. i stand with
the eds page is nothing bu anti-muslim hate - muslims called rats, muzzles, cancer etc
her ' because you know she is telling the truth.
i have been opposing for 20 years. i am not just now coming round
they attract some morons. but tommy robinson stresses opposition to islamism, not islam.
what else would you expect from such an object ?
no i hear it from eds supporters mouths and emails. i do not always agree with uhf
just muted she is unable to take a hint
the only reason people block. good of her to admit it.
editor stephane charbonnier , 4 cartoonists reported killed in attack ( ap photo ) :
mt. editor char bonnier, 4 cartoonists killed in attack :
editor char bonnier, 4 cartoonists reported killed in. ap photo) : ”
stand up for your rights or one day you wont be.
every major newspaper and magazine in the free world should reprint the cartoons that the found so offensive.
4 cartoonists reported killed in attack :
a quick infographic explaining some of the immediate anti-muslim backlash in france :
yet no media coverage surely these all cause terror and therefore can be labeled no terrorism ' ?
poor mosques non are being killed and raped because of a crazy cult
a quick info graphic explaining some immediate anti-muslim backlash in france : ”
the biggest winners will be marine le pen ; and the right in germany and hungary
it is very stupid attitude attacks on mosques
dual hostage crisis ends : suspects killed , ‘ several hostages freed ’ at supermkt
prefer death over capture.
anonymous to launch in 1 day :
48 hrs , & amp ; paris makes honorary citizen . 20 mths & amp ; our craven elites won’t
craven elites ... oh very juicy.
researcher warns a renowned terror cell in has reawoken - and to expect more attacks :
and the world needs to wake up to this terror.
gov should fix the security hole soon. terrorists use these weak links to commit their crimes.
this is they took the directive from isis. war is now fought in the neighborhood
if your religion is worth killing for , please start with yourself .
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
. that is how the bomb vests usually work.
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
as a totally i say amen to that !
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
similar sentiment sent to men who commit murder-suicides
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
they get through a loophole on this when they strap on explosives.
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself.
they it is called suicide bombing 😒
if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
now is a good time to read christopher hitchens ' case for mocking religion :
it is always a good time to read the hitch
time to stand all together against the islam fascists
when a global religion is incorrectly conflated w so called “ brown foreigners “
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
can u follow me class 🙏🙏🙏
now is a good time to read christopher kitchens ' mocking religion : ”
you still can not say the am ' word, can you ?
i not a race though ?
this is no time for extreme reactions. there is then no difference between the extremists and us
fm on attack : abominable act of terror against the free+critical press is an outright assault on european values .
this behavior is not acceptable in civilized society
this is an attack on humanity as well.
the letter from the independent is deputy editor : in solidarity with
you really want them to show them the finger. publish the cartoons.
it was time when the was in solidarity with al q
the latest on the manhunt for charlie hebdo attackers and two hostage situations taking place :
this madness happening now ah days
sounds like the police do not want to take them alive.
ft : charlie hebdo was drunk and wearing a short skirt
well done that man that is the way to do it.
the has one of the worst arguments ever
here is the ft is editorial on charlie held :
that may be true and still his killing was an unacceptable response.
superbly put by the way. you are totally correct about this. ft at its arrogant worst.
chilling. i am not condoning murder, but you made them really mad ...... “
fuck. right.
omnipotent gods do not fear free speech .
hear. rt omnipotent gods do not fear free speech.
u r infant god acmes happy that my son is doing right thing
omnipotent gods do not fear free speech. ”
that is not what thinks. except when it is a christian or jewish one.
that is why is not omnipotent ...
yes they do. look at china |
second that rt omnipotent gods do not fear free speech.
unfortunately some fallible fascists do
ban fox news ?
absolutely should not be met with by the
omnipotent gods do not fear free speech. ”
exactly. i once asked a mohammedan why allah needs help in striking down the infidel ?
there is no such god.
. message regarding the terrorist attacks in .
cartoons drawn for held :
" love is stronger than hate "
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
does free speech need defending ? 10 magazine editors gunned down over satirical cartoons . yes , it needs defending
free speech in the and us is very selective and thus not free at all -- sgt ;
it is all about censorship and war, but not in the most obvious way -- sgt ;
its 12 not 10
if your religion is worth killing for , please start with yourself .
got a problem if we start with our religions god😁😁😂
congrats on your tweet !
please. just do not encourage that. they do that too. we call them suicide bombers
if you were any you would sort these dicks out !!!
no religion talks of violence it is their distributor who do that
we can defeat terror with a spirit of unity. world global religion news
rt if your religion is worth killing for, please start with yourself. ”
thank you god. well said !!
can we call for volunteers to help them to martyrdom ?
bible is full of wars and destruction
thats what we do suicide attacks.
no god no religion no ass holes ... everything would have been so much better without you
" this is an extremist element . this is not islam " - no 10
. not as if the prophet forbade depiction of himself, right ?
the question is how many moderates agree in silence with the extremists ?
you can say extremists are a minority but all spring from islam
like the ones who say one thing in public and another inside the mosque
oh yes this wake up.
it is a misinterpretation of religious texts.
read up on the religion before you make statements like that.
based on whose opinion yours ? criticising islam a religion is hate speech is it ?
you are not a if you spread hate. did you know that ?
they worship a god who commanded mohammad to kill the infidels. is that who you worship ?
for instance are not there many acts of violence described in the bible ?
good example our god is a god of love and peace.
you should educate yourselves before you make sweeping generalizations
this is an extremist element. this is not islam “ - no 10 ” 👏🙌
you are talking about skip racists there ?
that is a gross misconception ! the extremists are a very small minority !
how come it is the only one were violence emanates ? roots of violence are in islam !
i forgot how no 10 can see into men is hearts to determine how accurate their theism is
like the police officer who was murdered yesterday ?
basically you are saying that islam is synonymous with terrorism which is ignorant and islamophobic
i am talking about moderate muslims.
" even if they kill 10 of us , the newspaper will go out next week . "
documented false flag shooter secret service intelligence
they can not win freedom of speech is more powerful than any muslim retard with a gun.
stupid stuff. both of them ...
the left one not even powerful.
we can never defeat terrorism if we have allies like saudi arabia who behead religious , political or sexual dissenters
you wanna talk about morals ?
gagged since 25 years by the press for breaking the silence on corruption
us also threatened prohibiting us from allowing israeli jets to refuel in india and bomb sarghoda
us wanted a stable 2 transport oil through. by god they got was they wished 4
the question is or more than 30years get it protected and supported by and nobodyqit
we would not want to affect sales.
you forget the illicit child pakistan
we can never defeat terrorism if we have allies like israel who brutalize a dispossessed people
yes that is well received legend
shame the us was quick to come to pakistan is rescue in 1972 although india was saving bengal
yet we are comfortable with turkey.
its how rose 2 power in afghanistan. us dollars via the pakistan int service
should sever all links to this throwback country.
. our royals are constantly fawning over the saudi royal barbarians. especially sale is best mate charles
not when they were busy tangling ussr in afghanistan. they would have barked but stopped
fatal warning to from the white house. the mirages went back after entering indian skies
heard was so scared they nearly shot down their own f16 thinking it is israeli. lol
western business interests. they allowed 2 do as they will wi no real condemnation
we also saved from india although they were committing genocide in bengal
. and who also sponsor those who carry out terrorist atrocities
you should have bombed anyway, though
and probably seen bomb us then much more possible these days though
i thought it was that was not fully committed to the operation ? ie they feared pakistani backlash
us and build to destroy afghanistan, then freedom fighter became terrorists or for middle east.
pure amp simple.
france is in shock after brutal attack on satirical newspaper
take he says you will be the next. m
is in shock after brutal attack on satirical newspaper ” sending positive 💕💕💕
this is going to happen until countries unite and aggressively extinguish and eliminate isis and other terrorists groups.
i would hope so. if not we would need to wonder about them.
it is actual madness : france is in shock after brutal attack on satirical newspaper ”
freedom of speech is not freedom to insult !!!!!!! understand ? cope ? mf
is in shock after brutal attack on satirical newspaper ” how sway ?
why do so many forget this is everyday life in so many countries
is in shock after brutal attack on satirical newspaper ” prayers go out !
is in shock after brutal attack on satirical newspaper ” // 😔😔😔
yes and our great president (low) is not gonna do anything even after this attack
has been naive for years, and sympathetic to extremists for years.
may thousands of satirical websites spawn vitally ...
imam of drancy , paris , condemns attack , says it has nothing to do with islam , calls on
it is time many realized they can criticism the bad elements of their religion.
they will never condemn it. that is why they are becoming untouchables in the whole world.
read more : second hostage situation unfolding in eastern paris
read more second hostage situation unfolding in eastern paris ” madness
what has this world turned into ? such a shame !!!
read more second hostage situation unfolding in eastern paris ”
rt read more second hostage situation unfolding in eastern paris
read more second hostage situation unfolding in eastern paris ”
i am talking about the hostages
it is another they think that he is related to the other 2 brothers.
read more second hostage situation unfolding in eastern paris ”
dunno if they are just the guys is related with the 2 others
“ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want
a chance to listen to the unheard.
some reprobates do not think so.
great quote. i hope you get more re tweets.
us embassy in paris changes twitter pic to
so now they have changed it back ?
us embassy in changes twitter pic to. via
us have a about this. fuck a donkey
us embassy in paris changes twitter pic to ”
cartoonist was on al qaeda is wanted list : ( pic : epa )
was not there a cartoon by which the murders were based on ? can i see it ?
cartoonist was on al ada is wanted list : (pic : epa) ”
is that true what is the full picture show please ?
cartoonist was on al ada is wanted list : (pic : epa) ”
' not ' executed '
can we have the truth please, daily telegraph ?
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
so you bloody fools blurred out image. you gave in to terrorists ! well done !
. a cowardly act. fucking animals.
sally kohn compares today is attack to all the ' christians or jews killing in name of religion '
are we positive about the “ balls ? “
is another apologist idiot. it seems the left winger media is full of these fools.
you are in over your head sally.
sally john is a moron.
is talking about the christians who killed writers of the south park and family guy shows.
well sally khan can go screw ! we are living in the 21century not the 14th.
the woman is a moron !
sally john should be given to isis to do with what they choose
sally will disc and jews, but not muslims because she knows they would kill her.
consider the enough said
your tweet takes center stage on
lacks both balls and brains.
someone needs to look up “ proportions “ in the dictionary.
. come guys she has (intellectually insulting) “ proof “ !!! - sgt ;
shooting at paris office of magazine ranks as one of the deadliest attacks on paris in 20 years .
real consequences for liberal tolerance stupidity !
u have terrorists in your backyard killing your innocent citizens become of ur pseodosecular politicians.
no mentioning of the are the media selective of what neighborhood matters ... 😒
religion of huh yeah right ! nobody was armed in the place ? fools
any advocating religious violence should be immediately deported under force of arms period !
i can write that without fear of bodily harm by others. )
and quite possibly one of the deadliest attacks on journalists in much longer
stay tuned for more of the same as long as you let muslims run free in your country.
interesting to see how they respond
unbelievable what happens qt : shooting at paris office of magazine - ”
the new yorker’s charlie hebdo cover is wonderful :
all cartoons. all the time. until their heads explode.
the new worker’s charlie held cover is wonderful : ” fabulous !
the new worker’s charlie held cover is wonderful : ”
the new worker’s charlie held cover is wonderful : ” yes.
and which it had more teeth to it.
the new worker’s charlie held cover is wonderful : ” wow !
the new worker’s charlie held cover is wonderful ” by the spanish artist ana juan
powerful imagery. rt the new worker’s charlie held cover is wonderful :
just beautiful thank you so much for sharing !
the new worker’s charlie held cover is wonderful : !
thanks for brilliant.
two mosque attacks reported in wake of charlie hebdo attack
lost the so started calling me names.
two mosque attacks reported in wake of charlie held attack ”
thank you for your opinion but these are my views.
he should make his mind up
lost the argument and so blocked me
those who do are no better than the perpetrators of such appalling crimes against humanity.
so what that is their misguided interpretation
you equating being nasty to murder ?
so true they will use it for all it is worth
i do not get that quote ?
before this many repeated attacks against muslims in also, sweden, over 20 killed
thats the whole point of free speech, and its much better than oppression and murder
has freedom of speech “ got anything to do with living in a democratic society ?
they are not ' controversial cartoons ' they are merely ' cartoons '.
what was the argument again ? i think i must have missed that part
training meaning fireworks.
that will help no end.
i and these are mine. this is how twitter works.
its stupidity to attack people who are not at all related to the crime.
yes and the likes of garage will use it to fuel the hate.
chief references the attack at while speaking to group in the
perhaps you should direct your question/ insults towards as they are making the connection.
i welcome bringing pals to icc. pals have propaganda. israel has facts proof
i condemn hatred and promoting fake info
these events are carried not caused by individuals. the major wheeler dealers are the cause.
a convenient event for murderers to justify their killing of the palestinians.
i choose the people that do not put their own as shields
so do i. i also condemn u fanatical headcases.
killed 160 kids digging terror tunnels. per palestinian research. they kill their own kids !!
bodies in could be from syria too
you are right. would be the first time
it was that did the killing are you mentally vacant ?
come on look what you are doing to the palestinianstalk about hypocrisy !
absolute lunatic. opinion worthless after that. another extremists
no ethnic cleansing of pals. no bodies. lots of lies. even arabs know that.
i support the people arabs are dumb and crazy
all on the payroll means not really journalists
uses hospital as military base. war crime
says the war criminals. if you acknowledged international law you would soon find yourself in the hague
is lebanese iranian do not like it here then go home
your deluded just as fanatical as any muslim. at least they claim there attacks. u lie
so basically you are supporter
the fact you excuse murder of children deny blame says it all. should defend icc no prob
pals use mosques as military base & amp ; weapons storage. war crime
1. did not 2. check facts for real info on pals murdering children.
17 journalists killed in by israel in 2014
illegal weapons targeting of un schools/shelters ethnic cleansing slaughter of children
has evidence of illegal weapons targeting of school un shelters etc
has evidence of workers helping haas terrorists. unschools were hamasrocket site
so why attempt to block access to icc. it a moron a fanatic deluded
the fact that you deny is what is funny and pathetic.
yes the bombed themselves with airplanes that they leased from the if
pal militants dress like civilians when attacking. war crime
more like the other way around
pals target restaurants. war crime
all i hear now is la and lady la
pa rep to admitted pals do war crimes not israelis.
no wonder you will not learn, truth is offensive 2 those who hate the truth
many many losses. go away you fanatic. either condemn all these horrific actions or not
what is the relevant between the 2 ? r u stupid or something ?
so stupid. try some truth for change. see what real journalist say about pals terror
you mean the pally to themselves
i am against any unjust murder no matter what religion. sad you chose racist bias
excuse murder of children really ?
you people have concept of truth. more fanatical than the fanatics
what are they doing defending themselves ? against rocket fire
so what is if doing to combat isis ?
actually. but do not let that get in the way of a good story.
when i criticism terror i do not get attacked by any muslims
sure. link a few of those tweets.
yet you reply. nice try
pals use children as shields. war crime
not anything that is done is also seen
why we must not let the isis propoganda machine win
you already have by not instantly printing the supposedly offensive cartoons
we must let this propaganda machine win : bbc israeli head of news
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
is not the issue not propaganda but the fucking murderous terrorists ?
war profiteers x would and in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
update 3 : multiple mosques attacked in france after . via
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
any media coverage or just collateral damage ? “ : multiple mosques attacked
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
sirens on my paris street . poor charlie hebdo , poor families , poor kids who live here , poor
as did the ?
why do people insist on blaming the many for the few
they are. a quick peruse through twitter will show you muslims condemning this atrocity. problem is ...
like the who did the same in support of the kids murdered by brain ?
well said mate ... twitter should now close for the day with those sentiments at the top.
not all agree w extremists, esp since most victims of islamist extremists are muslim.
for his murders as you expect muslims to do ?
and what about the poor deluded liberals ?
who also in car+trilateral commission
poor killers who shouted ' allah akbar '
so were with brain. you are confused.
charlie hebdo demanded cartoonist sine apologize for anti-semitic satire then fired him for refusing to do so
. held satirized and judaism :
his violently character certainly played a role as well
excellent question. or ... chosen for what ?
... demeaning or that is a really minute problem compared to the violence
no double standard here after all israel is god is chosen.
think its more likely you are just another white bigot tba ... bye
something is wrong with mm is visual presentation. might this be a false flag ?
the case of sine is more complex. his firing was due to longstanding political disagreements with editorial team
of course not. that is antisemitism.
. nil nisei bonus goes double for white racists
no articles that i know of
so its freedom of speech to insult christianity and islam but not judaism ? hmmm.
it was regarding president is son, think that might have been a factor at all ?
law did not agree that comment was antisemitic, judged that firing sine was an error
i thought that might be at play ... are there any articles about this ?
photo : the staff of in paris stand for a moment of silence following the charlie hebdo attack -
great united against terrorism.
the president of the country could not do that
you can twist and turn it as you like : publishing cartoons is not a crime . using them as
it is a crime to blind ourselves to the root of these horrors - islam.
cue the ' lone wolf ' brigade
let is set this as our dp,
exactly free has to be defended against the nazis of 21st century
they have never come out the dark ages mentality
the last picture of ' victim . " no terrorists attack in yet - wait the end of 2015 is
cowardice utter cowardice now go away and i hope you are arrested as i am reporting your tweet
a movie that is been stalled by censor board for two years for hurting christian sentiments
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
you are going down ... all of you stupid religious fucks
western will never highlight these . plz rt
the other guy got athletes foot and a goat disorder.
that should not paint the view of their whole community, it should paint only those people.
mature word. thank you.
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
loved your post by not post on proximity based travel network ?
this man was amazing. one amazing/terrible muslim/christian/other religion person does not make a whole people.
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
surviving charlie hebdo journalists will work with former colleagues to get the magazine is edition out next week , says
have they ever produced cartoons of the holocaust ?
what are you suggesting just say it.
surviving held journalists “ [shivers]rip.
“ 17 journalists massacres by israel in gaza , 2014 . where were these " freedom of speech " people
probably trimming their liberal credentials for a box pop on the bbc.
as much as i know paris is not a war zone
these criminals are sporadic random uncoordinated radical mentally disturbed lunatics. need to diffuse religious radicalism.
well in that case world has a mental disorder or pretends to have one
they clearly done. these are isolated handfuls of people remember. mental disorders under guise of religion.
is your reporting of this terror attack by israelis ?! bloody biased blind fools
the religion itself is a mental disorder
omg ! at least one msm publication has done the unthinkable ! navbharat times has posted the cartoons !
news is also doing it.
do not want anyone else hurt but i hope mm worldwide reprints the mohammad cartoons h/t
deleted after 2 hrs of fake bravery
yeah in sure that is a gutsy move low ....
religion is a mental illness. logic is the cure
ha ... ha ... ho ... now let is see the pk lovers walk the talk😀😁😂
it should be the norm. sad that it is not.
fear of backlash may be !
do you also believe in the truth fairy ?
guess they do not understand french nor expect their readers do
actually it says corn is piece of shit “ so yes it is provocative.
why do not you get a profile pic first
cartoonists fight back . this may be the best yet .
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
held shooting who are the suspects ?
how to defeat an idea ? challenge the idea. i learned that last night
our cowardice helped to allow this attack - on
one has the right to say this or that religion is silly.
i thought the media was about reporting the truth, not hurling insults at any religion.
disagree entirely mate. most much more tolerant than will ever be. fact !
as with j. major allowing bradford muslims burn rushdie is book with impunity !
thank you i hope the shameful lickspittles at read that !
that is definitely not a fact.
care to provide some evidence then ?
not seen the reports on the marches in germany, eds in uk etc.
plus allowing the rich countries to promote extremism in your countries is the second big reason !
not just reporting. also about challenging & amp ; those who get above themselves
then you missed the point.
our cowardice helped to allow this attack - on ”
this is just a reason ! keeping silent towards dictatorship in region is an important reason !
not only politician but news traders support this terrorist and justify this attack.
reluctance to satirist reluctance to say anything at all, you mean. enough is enough.
the car used by armed gunmen who stormed the paris offices of satirical newspaper photo d . faget
where the car is found ?
shocked & amp ; appalled by senseless attack at ' charlie hebdo ' - london stands with paris & amp
will you be at the vigil ?
condemn doctrine then. be honest and say mohamed did terror as a matter of course.
hardly senseless. they went for a reason. horrific, yes.
should have said horrific terrorist/terrorism.
stop representing the interest of the rich for once
here the freedom is stronger than these stupid bickering. thx mr. johnson !
more garbage from it was not anyway senseless if it was carried out by islamist.
condemned who ever did it !
we condemn the attack on whomever the attackers are , and whatever the cause may be , nothing justifies the
should have been little boys low
bloody hell that is quick for you boys.
you genuinely believe the mob is in league with these ' is zealots ?
would you be available for bbc news channel interview ? please do thank you sarah
maybe you should learn some respect and grow up
yet you go on sky pretending you are the victims. ffs
not anymore. you have to earn respect.
your organization calls for the murder of uk citizens whom insult and mock mohammad. islam out.
please apologize for talking about their cartoons on bbc radio 5. people were murdered because terrorists kill
far too much hatred in the world today and not just on a religious level.
who also in car+trilateral commission
i would have thought the bbc appeasers had a hotlink ... to the muslim council
says it will avenge charlie hebdo attacks by shutting down jihadist websites
good. some marginalized and angry folk will have one less radical organization to turn to.
this is a bullshit story.
an interesting tactic to used to advance freedom of speech ?
shut them down. shut them all down ! send some viruses while your at it !
' one million copies ' of to be published as french media vow to keep it running
a to the form 🔀
if they have the then why should not jihads ?
rt to be published as french media vow to keep it running ”
shaheen hashmat : ‘ islam is defined by its followers . moderate muslims must act ’ ( pic : k
that is can not think why you would even say that.
hopefully it works amp ; they do act !
stopped reading when i saw prevent being put forward as a legitimate strategy.
not maybe you must you must take blame, you must feel guilty !
women are probably the long term answer to this first drop the veil though
you could make exactly the same argument about western democracy and some of its advocates ...
i owe no apology to no one, infant that magazine should to all muslims
breaking : police forces storm paris kosher grocery where gunman holds 5 hostages ; woman seen leaving .
should have gone to whole foods instead.
those gun men were not leaving there with any ppm alive. they are mass murderers.
bye jihad pieces of shit
met officers observe 2 minute silence outside new scotland yard
met officers observe 2 minute silence outside new scotland yard ”
met officers observe 2 minute silence outside nsf ”
met officers observe 2 minute silence at new scotland yard
impressive solidarity thank you fellow english people
bloody standing round doing nothing. hopefully received in the spirit it is offered.
met officers observe 2 minute silence outside new scotland yard ”
guys have an even harder job when politicians have heads up there asses
can you please do the same for the children killed in gaza ?
french police still haven’t found the killers – here’s the latest :
new shoot on police this morning 8h19 am
murders breaking video ; & gt ;
police still haven’t found the killers – here’s the latest : ”
police still haven’t found the killers – here’s the latest !
reporting attacks on mosques in france ?
charlie hebdo is last cartoon on twitter : abu bakr al-baghdadi saying " and especially , health ! " (
this was posted just 10 mind before attacks it is not in response to this specific cartoon
fuck this animal and his rats.
rt : , cartoonist killed in , after death threats
rt cartoonist killed in ”
reason of this massacre is the zeal to remove feel of frustration against other civilization
all european flags fly at half-mast today to pay tribute to the victims of the terrorist attack in paris
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim
charlie hebdo : this is the terrifying price we pay for free speech in a liberal democracy
are you claiming we should return to a conservative, pre-autonomous society ?
oh hell yes it is ! making a mockery of religion is “ free speech “ on steroids !
interesting take on things from. made me think as usual.
this is unregulated & amp ; bad immigration policy !
making a mockery of religion is not free speech dude.
might be are non muslims
mocking on prophet provoked all muslims around the globe.
why it is charlie hebdo is right to draw muhammad
why it is charlie held is right to draw muhammad.
justify whoever killed those people right. you should know that real muslims say no to this
extremists in but the western powers kept on arming the so called freedom fighters who are now(cont
are you sick in the head ?
sure your fruit is rotten.
it is all just awful is not it. just awful.
every should be against that but those caricatures do not make our prophet less precious
have decided disgusting is very inadequate word. hope they rot in their perverted hellholes.
why it is charlie held is right to draw muhammad ” puking
is an important figure in a religion that likes to preserve it is values.
but it was offensive and disrespectful. poke fun at corrupt political figures but not at someone who
a terrorist cannot be a real muslim. cartoon was outrageously disrespectful. but that does not --
thought old was all merciful ?
for other human beings. we love you amanda ! xx strange world ...
i am not saying they are doing right. i am against drawing muhammad (san)
and killing those people who drew those does not solve the problem. violence and killing never do
the our'an: killing a sole human being as equal to killing the entire humanity. “
why it is charlie held is right to draw muhammad ”
they will definitely go rot in hell with every one who has patronized them
not sick. sick are those who helped terrorists against the secular govt of syria
hi. this published prior to today is events yes ?
dear france , your experiment with multiculturlaism has failed .
dear your experiment with multiculturalism has failed. ”
seems obvious that multiculturalism breeds fanaticism - especially the islamist variety
fanaticism is not just related to religion
multiculturalism is but except islam,!! because islam wants all world,!
abolish them all they just glorified books about a stone !
so is the of the middle east of europe ?
your tweet takes center stage on
please do not blame this on multiculturalism, blame it on fanaticism
do not let this crap happen here ban & amp ; outlaw 4 sale of your grand kids freedom
if no in or anywhere else would occur.
is there sharia law here in mich ?? calif ?? is coming to conn & amp ; colo ??
how many folks are killed or jailed there/year ?
15 cartoons from artists responding to please rt !
truth is was a child molester ! and islam is a religion of hate !
i had not even heard of charlie held, now i want a subscription. terrorist fail
our guns allow us to print what we want. lets keep it that way !
my take on it is those fake religious terrorist r trina starts a religion war
you would not find it particularly no tasteful ' if they made a mockery of jesus christ, alex
is rotting in hell with allah !
it blows my mind these stupid idiots really killed ppm over some made up pro fag muhammad.
please go hard on reality today like josh toll. not conspiracy it is the new trend.
do you want to earn up 500,000 with u$18 ? then click this site. enroll at
the of the religions was a volcano ! please rt this silver bullet !
as someone raised muslim , senseless bloodshed in my name is far more offensive to me than any cartoon can
just change your name to coconut and be done with it
. murder is more offensive than shit sherlock !
liberal do u go round demanding every american condemn a drone strike ?
i wish there were more voices like yours. unfortunately, much of the muslim world is silent.
than the reactionary media will condemn all the millions of us.
ah so you dance to the media tune
i love you you speak wisely ma'am.
revenge attacks on muslim spaces begin in france after massacre
keep it up get them out of europe. they are a disease !
should have been aborted. bet he is an ugly one too
that officer is worth a million of you u bigot.
revenge attacks on now -- france is destabilizing into chaos
documented false flag shooter secret service intelligence
obviously he sucked at it. rip
i am handsome as my mum and dad are not siblings.
scum like r outraged “ over the but not 4 the muslim victim. make fun of him
the only response that deserves ...
funny u do not blame islam for the muslim police officer trying protect people ...
revenge attacks on muslim spaces begin in france after massacre ”
good. mosques should be at the top of the hit parade.
at least they wont be serving our up as kebabs, anymore !
scumbag ... part of the “ cult “ !!!!
i believe the term in the vernacular for is
and the 2nd non police officer killed too ?
tonight 7pm : mobilization for freedom of press and democracy on place de la république in
tonight place la république in mobilization for freedom of press democracy
an agglomeration of people in this moment we have 2 terrorists loose ... great idea !
sad ... no words ...
will print 1 million copies next week
held must go too 4 the french abroad & amp ; all the charlies ! rt
will print 1 million copies next week ”
no more hand-wringing and fence-sitting . to support and we must publish their images .
publishing their images promotes hatred and of course right wing ideology
what freedom of speech -- sgt ; & amp ;
how many more should die before the world leaders realize that islamist are as bad as nazis ?
and please translate for us ignorant americans.
terrorist attack in paris at satirical magazine is just heartbreaking . prayers . so is the . i wish we
no 1 died at the latter.
afp staff observe minute of silence at hq for the victims of
eight staff observe minute of silence at hq for the victims of ”
staff observe minute of silence at hq for the victims of via
rt eight staff observe minute of silence at hq for the victims of ”
creating social atmosphere for those who provoke religious hatred. , ,
executing unarmed cartoonists can never be the will of any god .
you will just have to produce your then
actually murdering dissidents has been the will of many if not most gods throughout history.
because there is no god. there are no gods. just deluded people like you mo.
executing unarmed cartoonists can never be the will of any god. ”
as a i strongly condemn the
theres a bunch of idiots on twitter who think in someone else based on hearsay.
what is this world coming too ?
follow me please
bill maher : " hundreds of millions " of muslims " support attacks like this "
i suggest your bigotry amp ; racism get you a nice seat on team
movement to security was the only success of communist soviet union. oligarchy killed the state
you dismiss lack of religion because specter of “ communism “. you get that is
i will not
stop reporting this the man is a clueless dickhead ...
also a hundred million and non-muslim think he is a bigot asshole.
we have not. you it seems are the only one.
you defenders can think what you want. we would appreciate it if you would just quit killing us
this is not an overstatement if one considers the history of islam - it has always been violent
said the racist bigot who hates muslims.
i will do what i wish. just do not kill me.
the communists tried that. did not work out too well.
i really must stop watching this prejudiced prick - sgt ; the anti-muslim venom.
false actually. communism attempted to make the state = religion. see also, tea party.
of course. how could we have all missed that ?
eh he blocked me in response to my blocking him for ad nominees.
go stick your head in the sand. until it is cut off that is.
the right to offend and satirise is essential in any society . our statement :
tell that to a government who likes taking away rights for our own protection.
and best drawing so far rt : this is just brilliant
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
western needs to stop feeling bad for its beliefs and start fighting for them.
good night , people . may tomorrow be a better day for france , for the world , and for
nothing against nothing against jews. only against extremism, from all sides.
may tomorrow be a better day4france4theworld & amp ; 4 freedom of speech ✌
congrats on your tweet !
i like the thought. but for these assholes, the sword is mightier than the pen
: cartoonists pay tribute to victims :
cartoonists pay tribute to victims : ”
likely the best solidarity sign yet .
likely the best solidarity sign yet.
i do not normally re tweet profanity, but i am making an exception in this case.
yup to whom is it addressed is the key
that sign says it all ... that should be universal
i think you are looking to make a point that just does not apply in this instance
likely the best solidarity sign yet. bestes statement
. could have done w/o the insult to women ....
its a degrading word in the sense of insulting the receiver, not aimed at a gender, miss
that is university students i think.
i know me but it was just too good !
literally the best likely the best solidarity sign yet. ”
it just happens to be the word of choice.
. it is sir. do men have a twat ?
“ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they do not want
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
we strongly condemn attack " because islam denounces any violence " . left 12 dead .
it does not. have you read your holy book lately ?
if so against it stop wearing the uniform
if you are sad about something you do not kill people.
because denounces any violence “. i start to be less and less convinced about that.
i do love all your tweets. may allah bless you up !
are why not arena those who do ?
that number is how the situation of muslim today in every minute.
you have no credibility until you show us with actions how much islam hates violence.
look at how any join you in condemnation of the attack
slain charlie hebdo editor : " i prefer to die standing than live on my knees "
they are quoting that is cool, but that is not his quote.
you should have chosen and do not let your is over you
rt slain held editor : “ i prefer to die standing than live on my knees ”
slain held editor : “ i prefer to die standing than live on my knees “
fuck that i prefer to mind my own business !!!!
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
journalists and policemen are among the victims in the attack .
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
policemen are victims in the attack. “ / france should reinstate death penalty.
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
more murderous hunt them like dogs.
it is easy to figure out who did this. just look for mos sad.
call to register for this site and gain new job
i hope they catch the bastards and cut their nut off !
please support amp follow
it is a deliberate act of coordinated terrorist attack on paris
it is long way why press reporter kill
i would rather die standing up , than live life on my knees .
that is why they were attacked. not cartoons. like benghazi. not the video.
i c this man n my mind-then a pic of bother blubbering comes 2 mind-2 many on their knees
is in the name ' jesus ' !
while horrified with , let is not forget . 50 lashes today in jeddah , first batch of 1000 !!
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
many should never have power over others.
state terror is worse than terror of civilians.
this morning in france , anti-muslim terrorists threw 2 or 3 grenades into a mosque no injuries
is army in does this daily to scare people of kashmir to submission ...
will they be charged with terrorism if & amp ; when arrested ? will not hold my breath 😴
kills so much innocent people so that means we supposed to kill american citizens ?
whats that supposed to do ?
attackers not terrorists '
a damn doubt is there christian, jewish tenor attacks in west hypocrisy dictionaries ?
thank goodness no enough bloodshed.
held this attack was nothing to do with free speech — it was about war
urgent : french police release names and mug shots of suspects in montrouge shooting
let is send more arms to “ syrian rebels “ !
pawns. not smart enough to do this.
now do not say cowards it is noting to do with religion, yes its religion war
urgent police release names and mug shots of suspects in montrouge shooting
do not kill ' em. obama wants to put ' em in he can release ' em.
urgent police release names and mug shots of suspects in montrouge shooting ”
at first i read your message as ' pasties ' ... i had to look again !
they always have police mugshots for these people. why are they not just kept in prison ?
in the name hay at means life !
magnificent cartoons in response to charlie hebdo attack . " he drew first " particularly powerful
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
what about a week on that fantastic island of yours ?
call to register for this site and gain new job
do not get what that he drew first mean la ?
sorry. those are really not muslim ms.
happy new i would love to send this personalized frame to your family filled memories
how about this cartoon world-widetelevisionscreenshowing thepresidentoftheunitednationscuttingofftheheadofabubakr. yes ? no ?
brilliant to say the loved it thanka😉👍
parisians will take to the streets tonight , for freedom of the press , democracy and the republic
waste if unless you get rid of the cancer it will eat you up from the inside
there is this on nearly 17,000 have signed up already
talk to me when you know the difference between freedom and respect. have a nice day 😊
and who determines that freedom means freedom. offending people is irrelevant to that principle.
mt will take to the streets tonight, for freedom of the press, and the republic
and ignorance means ignorance. to talk shit and generalize is pathetic.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
the media are not there for respecting your views. freedom means the right to say vile things.
freedom of press is not to be shallow and ignorant and publish disrespectful stuff about any belief.
that is a mess that humanity will one day regret deeply. goodbye
best of luck on the march and blessings be !!
great '. we are with you ! vive le liberty !
armed person takes hostages at paris-area deli ; police surround charlie hebdo terrorists
antisemitism is alive and well in europe and muslims are taking charge in the matter
they are struggling to climb up but helping each other
twitter . charlie hebdo is a racist publication . murderers murdering people are not justified in murdering people . crazy
i actually agree with the article but these comments really do have troubling implications as you said.
i refer you to the dictionary (and not wikipedia)
there are no human races. sorting human beings into different races is the very definition of
i know ... yet to get a satisfactory response.
no not your the one you replied to
is not a race. it is a religion.
what about your own tweet and its context ?
the context of rabid to which the tweet referred is pretty obvious, no ?
some people just need to get a sense of humor.
what article are you referring to ?
so you are saying that they would be more deserving of death ? troubling implication
i do not agree with what you have to say , but i will defend to the death your right
this idea can never be stated too many times.
. the quote was by evelyn beatrice hall not voltaire
wrong attribution. but the sentiment is there.
agree wholeheartedly with amp ; apologies for pedantry, but fyi
in this difficult time , people of iran and their resistance movement stand by people of france and bereaved families
cartoons drawn for held :
" fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion " voltaire
rt fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion “ voltaire ”
what did you voters think was going to happen saveeuropevoteukip
fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion “ voltaire ”
satire is borderline using religion as reason to kill is a human struggle since centuries
fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion “ voltaire ”
. and and and.
voters are horrible stupid people, who can not destroy western europe quick enough
fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion “ voltaire ”
fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion “ voltaire ”
i take it to mean that fanatics use religion to justify their extreme behavior
although not just as the 20th century surely tells us.
yet turns out to be the pus inside a boil on the are of humanity.
fanaticism is a monster that pretends to be the child of religion “ voltaire ”
survivors will publish next week -- and they are printing a million copies ( 10x usual ) :
a sign of have no logical argument.
. sucks. you are a dumb shit and ate blocked !
yes they must ... try to make it funny, this time.
and killing unarmed cartoonists is showing respect for others beliefs ? apologist cretin.
warn them then nuke them
. you do not seem to understand moron that satire in france started during french revolution.
should as despite reactive of this incident, distribute his copies in pedestrian zones ....
i think the world will see as a clear indication of how disrespect others ' belief.
so these bastards will sell those killed bastards for money.
hate amp racism “ exactly what used to publish.
. all is to blame until you kill off the terrorists/quit imposing sharia shit in the west.
you can kill journalists , cartoonists . you can not kill the freedom of the press . you have only
have succeeded in killing : which studio will make movie with villein ???
i think you already have ! yes, go ahead.
photos from the scene of the paris shooting at office :
photos from the scene of the paris shooting at office : ”
what a religion of tolerance and peace.
photos from the scene of the paris shooting at office : ”
photos from the scene of the paris shooting at office !!!
who also in car+trilateral commission
remember people do not buy chips from yoga poker it is rigged they stole 35 million chips from me
supports freedom of the press !! sad day in france !! prayers for france
even if there was 2 cops waiting in the building, they were not stressed during the shooting.
this has to stop .
it is hard to stop it when our traitor in chief is part of it.
not sure. sorry. it was on my fm.
crusade for obviously.
this has to stop. ”
think we all agree. : this has to stop. ”
this has to stop. ” -naked truth-
this has to stop. who is the author ?
we have to stop it ........
correct drawing this has to stop. ”
this has to stop. ”
what is with these barbarians ?
breaking : suspects in the massacre killed by police , local mayor tells cnn :
i feel that they are innocent
i have been watching live coverage and it was reported here first
bury them at sea in pig skin bags
its it is a bad men life, but its still life.
about time as well !!!
rt breaking suspects in massacre killed by police, local mayor tells cnn
they are having sex with 72 virgins now ......
suspects in the massacre killed by police, local mayor tells cnn : “,
they r burning in hell.
yes they are monsters but its still life
they wanted to be they did not want to be captured alive.
bx suspects in the massacre killed by police, local mayor tells cnn : ”
what hate afghan hate pakistan, iraq hate qatar, talk about yourself only
your words are terrorism “ hahahahaha better burn them they do not even deserve an inch of land
suck it up butter cup they got what they deserved yemen haaaaaa
they shot innocent people how they innocent
bury them in a grave with a pack of pork chops.
i do hope that they are the most butt ugly, syphilitic ridden shanks there
if you want to fight a terrorism then you must first stop us and zionist war against muslims.
what ever happened to arresting people, jails too full ?
are you drunk your words is a really terrorism.
bravo for your you make the french people very proud
the entire world is rallying . the terrorists plan has backfired . 🇺🇸🇫🇷🇬🇧🇮🇹
and thank you for your support.
rt time to show that we stand united.
not really. just gave them the exposure they want.
the entire world is rallying. 🇺🇸🇫🇷🇬🇧🇮🇹 ”
the entire world is rallying the terrorists plan has backfired 🇺🇸🇫🇷🇬🇧🇮🇹 ”
the entire world is rallying. 🇺🇸🇫🇷🇬🇧🇮🇹 ”
definitely adding that tweet to my site.
amp christians need to be told yahweh was only a volcano …
not read this first : cui bono ?
yes. but is under siege. three hostage situations at once.
why attack outrages me yet i will not publish its cartoons . why i would defend but ask mf husain
poor you ... soon confused ...
it is truth of now. they showing there face how much they hate muslim.
why was the vince code banned in 7 states of india dear ?
meet you will soon get enlightenment ! he is waiting for you my dear !
do not think so. . tho largely agree with his current position.
so foe is not absolute but relative
which is why mm hates sm. and i use the word ' hate ' responsibly
make quite a bit of sense. did you read the protein band meta perspective on this ?
r safe from terrorist attack, com terrorist kills only fearless journos
because you have elastic morality of pseudo secular kind
interesting perspective by why attack outrages me yet i will not publish its cartoons.
oh yes like the rest of his breed, is a fair weather journalist
this current position is a mishmash after years of siding with propagandists and professional secularists
spy agencies and their advocates waste no time in using paris attacks to push for more eg powers and resources
and i now look back down the decades and wonder if anything we were told was true ...
it totally looks like imperial strategy. last theory mean article is eye-opening.
just all too convenient for them.
false flag conspiracy theory ? so cynical and so sad.
and this website thinks its mos sad also
. wants to spy on citizens without suspicion.
one could be forgiven for thinking it is one giant fabrication
remember that in human microchip implant was approved by fda
... to be used against us !
typical knee jerk reaction. or an excuse for more protection for the elite
automatic now to assume everything they and the media say is a lie 😒
ramping up the on terrorism allows uk goats to rushmore surveillance and monitoring of the public
that is what the show was all about
shame on harper gov using to solicit funds via emails
chief says he currently can not guarantee we will not all be killed ... sounds like blackmail 😒
americans , rest assured that if we could have prevented today is paris terrorist attack by waterboarding , we would
let is give everybody and ban water boarding. that will fix everything ! lol !
and trampled constitutional protections in their wake. a pyrrhic victory for sure.
i think this is a thoughtful article on the boston police response :
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
i know lets have a national lottery to choose who is president ! that would work !
well something is wrong when only the brain dead are presidential candidates.
well the security services were well armed with day old baguettes.
your parody cuts too close to the bone. well done you !
sure lotus is thinking of some wicked mean to tweet in retaliation !
do not forget his short game. chip n putt the fastest way to lower scores.
thats actually what the constitution does when its enforced but its not enforced by cops, judges,
one sure answer is upcoming constitutional convention term limits take out manchurian candidates
we would have put the on michelle obama is lunch program
the constitution seems to have been taking an awful beating, lately ...
maybe if someone had been armed, 12 people would not have died today.
it is become a career for entire families ... more like political royalty. too incestuous for fairness.
candidates are indoctrinated home grown hypnotized moles/agents/long/term
is too busy running the nfl and sony.
one of those up the side of his head should get his attention .... non ?
i am waiting to see if it is someone obama let out of cuba ??????
founding fathers had horses to get to dc never thought any fool would serve more than term or two
that is a great start !
could not prevent the boston marathon slaughter even tho russian intelligence warned them.
funny you should put it that way : old maxim espionage equals politics plus sex. epitome of dc
it is very disappointing to read about journalists objecting to the freedom of expression :
we are attacking his hypocrisy and victim blaming.
and marine do not work together or like each other
on other defenders of free speech must start articulating our right to reject islamic blasphemy law.
i most certainly do not follow, in any sense
how was he tagged ?
except i am not following his twitter account, and never have
have not you got better things to be doing than hounding individual journalists ?
are you really still surprised at racism/xenophobia from followers of ?
you people follow him as well ? trolls can follow him to make him look bad means nothing
it does not help when politicians pile into such arguments when the full context is not known.
you might also like to acquaint yourself with the duties of a man under the law
in many submission is placed above freedom. submission rules everything there.
so being a hypocrite then
the double speak mentality of our day is astounding. who is had believed media defense of islamist murderers
get over your self not everyone who follows nigel are skip or fans simply trolls
lawyer to celebrity fascists
you might like to look at how the uk reacted to my free speech re mi6 funding al ada
you people love spouting bullshit do not you, the fact is people do not listen and thank god
yet you comment and hang on every word he says ?
keep a public list of journalists who offend them
you will have no objection to me saying you are a fuck-eyed sack of piss, then ?
i have been doing that for years. fight on we must.
says the bloke who got upset at a game made by a bunch of school kids
and you are attacking a fellow journalist for exercising his right to free speech three years ago.
you obviously are otherwise you would not be following his twitter account
to see fans taking his ridiculous tweet as an excuse to respond with racism/xenophobia
you realism that your supporters might take your tweet as instruction/suggestion to bombard the guy with hostile messages.
the attack on charlie hebdo is an attack on freedom : the leading article from the new spectator magazine :
. no it is nobody prevented then from distribution of cartoon
the ultimate in censorship. all newspapers should print the offending cartoon on their front covers to show defiance
if only we could get them to line up against cliche.
' ... but i will to the death defend your right to say it ' .
rt ' ... but i will to the death defend your right to say it '.
' ... but i will to the death defend your right to say it '. ”
today is cartoon
good one. cartoonist leads the war against the beast who steals freedom !
amazing. is right ... for the sake of self-respect and loyalty of all real muslims
one of these is freedom of expression the other had to be retracted
let is keep the cartoons circulating. “ : today is cartoon ”
today is cartoon ” brilliant peter
today is cartoon ” outfreakingstanding !!!!!!!
in support of those that have died today in paris
very dumb. do not count me in.
" charlie hebdo : 10 truths that ought to be self-evident but aren’t " - me in
excellent my new favorite word which i intend to use at every opportunity.
fantastic. clear. rational. always a pleasure nick. your strength is always inspirational.
article ... it is an urdu word that means better than excellent
i reckon i will do ok
oh you will not last long at rn or re tweeting essential liberal truths like this
thank you. a splendid response to that awful ft article. much needed.
this is the best article on the current situation i have read.
thanks for this you have nailed it.
tweet should have said ' accept '. in rant mode, sorry)
thanks nick for this robust and helpful unpacking of intellectual/political confusions
now , thousands are expressing their feelings on today is events in france with pictures like this
thousands are expressing their feelings on events in france ”
thanks for your tweet. then why do terrorists say they are muslim ?
you really should mind your own business and stop talking about other religions and keep focused on yours
you have no right to post or to draw such a picture
west is very good about expressing over fleas, but not about ridding itself of cancer.
forget the dead ones and think about many more that will be killed fool
dog do not talk about our religion or prophet
if that is your retaliation then you are no different from them
hell is a invention. check your history.
and not one of them would dare disrespect a religion like you did
groom your knowledge then talk about our prophet
this is not your religion so keep out of it
this picture is very offensive to muslims
and apparently you have no respect
he was a warlord. not a man of peace. he be-headed jews.
at first i thought this said “ jesus charlie “ and i was really confused
rt gt : thousands are expressing their feelings on the events in france with this picture
for increase truly never lets to kill innocents. terrorism and terrorists have no religion
c fuck you.
first we are off topic and second there is something called persuasion
my belief is that it is wrong but also i should not offend it
you might think that are bad ? no they are not all bad
actually it is mustard but then i am a satirist.
no i am not. stop using taqiyya. u were born to think islam is great 😂
even when you think they are wrong
shut the fuck idiot.
main faith needs to be removed from mosques then. that is why islamic states legalize child rape.
no need to argue with you. think about the dead ones.
we are also drawing of mohammad, dare you show any ?
thousands are expressing their feelings on events in france ”
more mentally ill people crazy enough to think they are muslim.
you say that hell is an invention but for me it is real and it exists in many religions
in which state child rape is legalized islam condemns all types of rape
you reason from your anus that is why you can not see the deadly problems coming from islamic extremists
in there are a lot of uneducated children that do unspeakable things in the name of their survival
pan led global jihad aimed at resurrecting medevialism, threatens humanity. time, world took head on
that was exceptional to our prophet by our god not for us to marry in childhood
mt thousands expressing their feelings with pictures like this ”
thousands r expressing their feelings on2day is events in france w/pictures like this
and second i told you it is wrong
not in nor law child rape is allowed i say to you prior you are missing guided
you see. is 7th century. wake up, time to join 21st century.
you are such a disgraceful person
i thought i was the only one
like i said there are many ways what if they were a little uneducated
this is what wanted and they will get more. keep supporting islamic extremists and you get this
u are totally misguided about islam
you would let a child be sacrificed for a religion ?
and under sharia you are allowed to marry little girls like muhammad did.
i say this because i do not even know what century they were in but anyways
u baster how u dare to draw
there is a way to stop them but not by making fun of their beliefs or offending them
and that gives you the right to insult religions ?
first of all i am not letting anything
. what about child sacrifice to quetzalcoatl. legitimate religion ? you must respect all religions.
watch : hacker group says it will avenge attack by shutting down jihadi websites
never believed in hacking but this must be a worthwhile cause. go for it guys !!
these guys know guy was a religious extremist who wanted to establish a theocracy, right ?
. they must be trembling in their sandals ... with laughter.
rt watch hacker group says it will avenge attack by shutting down jihad websites “
the establishment spends on drones so self defeating
well we are not a centralized and biased org like you are. go. educate yourself first.
the establishment spends on drones so self defeating
. great initiative by anonymous. jihadis had hacked many times before they burnt aol islamabad center.
hacker gap says it will avenge attack by shutting jihadiwebsites “
in the meanwhile we thought anonymous also a group composed of jihad terrorists
war is upon us !
hacker group to shut down jihad websites ! great as everybody should contribute towards fight against terrorism !
. avenge the evils of murderers who demanded censorship with censorship ?
anonymous x ai him ! rt hackers will avenge charliehebdo attack by shutting down jihad sites
as tribute to the victims & amp ; statement to the world .
nice one. as tribute to the victims & amp ; statement to the world. ”
kitten rt tribute to the victims & amp ; statement to the world.
as tribute to the victims & amp ; statement to the world. ” chapeau !
i tweet this cartoon by my husband , cartoonist , in support of cartoonists everywhere
precisely so all this violence is directed against a picture which is not of mahommed
shrug death is the one thing which binds us all.
just answer why were all he sews charlie not all insulting ?
so you just missed an excellent opportunity to not look like a complete idiot
no they are and why are you calling islam terrorism ?
so freedom of speech is not freedom ? lel.
not always. 15th c. miniature :
what about reactions on cartoons about jews ?
please tell us how you know a drawing is of mohammad, of whom no images exist
i guess that religion does not have to be theist. so putin.
do not be so ridiculous. the drawing of a cartoon will never justify murder.
just try to imagine it. maybe you could if you try
stop this. this is a real world problem
you are confusing with terrorism. think. they are the same
what if i make a religion ? can i get people to do whatever i want then ?
you see they are to eastern people ! the protesters do not understand what they are doing !
how does drawing a picture manage to hurt any religion ?
vive la freedom of speech !
but how do they know it is him ? there are no contemporary images, afaik.
yes , tweet actual covers instead of the mere . they are , after all , what the bullies can’t
we she all draw camp ; post mohammad wherever/whenever-constantly ! the scum will have2 deal w/ it
let is celebrate anti feminism and trolls in general while we are at it
yr reply has zero to do w my tweet/muslim radicals killing at charlie held so with, lady ?
live : police close in on charlie hebdo suspects ; hostages taken in eastern paris
live police close in on charlie held suspects ; hostages taken in east paris ”
invited this attack french began ceding control of neighborhoods to islamist ...
those are some simple looking sags they have. look like they are made from bicycle frames.
ya ... let is have a national conversation about it.
its shameless for the security authorities why the can not catch them ?
police go arrest hot shot oil companies franklin america we are invaded by acid of franklin byproducts
breaking : explosions , gunshots heard at the paris kosher market where gunman has at least 5 hostages .
so coordinated police actions at both sites where hostages held ? closing it down.
has reported that the suspects have been killed
from the irish times newsroom
they have their own voice and needn'y compromise it by printing something against their judgment.
they might be afraid. it is a matter of speculation
well then they are being hypocrites by publishing images of themselves holding up signs.
any articles on blasphemy laws ?
and the future !!
great show of support lads.
they will print whatever they want, which is the whole point.
blasphemy laws are a paper tiger that have not and will not impede reporting whatever selim may think.
rt from the irish times ' newsroom ”
can we have a picture of the newsroom with more women in it ?
you will find more photos of the gatherings around the world at
they are not afraid. just ask them to publish one of the pope cartoons ...
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
and the times shows no solidarity or sympathy when terrorists murder jews or israelis.
what a fucking joke hi ! so longs you bunch of vultures approve.
the report majority of their stories without reproducing primary material.
currently the is a legend in its own mind 😁
all the women on this side of the camera ?? rt : from the irish times newsroom
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
i was referring to a request not to publish the cartoons again
quran says : whoever kills an innocent soul .. it is as if they had killed the entire humanity .
loved your post by not post on proximity based travel network ?
i am moderate. i think.
when the main source of education can be taken over by militants who corrupt text ......
to understand one is enemy does not make him your friend
and as fans an eye for an eye leaves the whole world blind “
so it is only the ' controlling minds ' not just those following orders ?
the counter argument is trivial : they insulted the prophet, so they are not innocent
and what should the punishment for murder be ?
typical posh boy all wind no water. ” but does he carry a gun ?
thanks brother. i respect afc myself and felt they were very unlucky last season.
that is a bad translation from hebrew. it is thou shalt not murder.
problem is what the also says about those who insult allah and the prophet.
both terrible. i would say one less so.
is someone who murders a random person worse than one murdering someone who repeatedly insulted their nan ?
sorry to have done hope they improve in the league this season 👍👍
my pleasure. even though you are a chelsea supporter low
did i notice a bulge in his trousers while he was talking to george ?
we follow different rules a law relating to behavior
well it was and his followers who did evil, and they alone who should be punished
does not change the problem of unconditionnality
it also says kill those who insult islam “ our'an (33:61)
and it was done to protect their victims, not to avenge
then these chaps should learn to read it. are they viewed as heretics by muslims then ?
do not remind me lol
laughing at inconsistency is one of the most effective ways of opening a closed mind to reason.
thank you. appreciate it.
only sick people would do that. unfortunately, those are the idiots that get publicized.
the winning of an election is debatable but historic - same reasons as skip supporters
murder is murder. they are as bad as each other.
was it the drone pilots punished ? or someone random ?
just convince yourself those souls ' ai not innocent. makes the killing just again ...
but in public at the pulpit ?
and at the opposite end we should have left poland to it is fate and left hitler alone ?
both a man i respected
but what of someone who has done neither ? what if they just happen to live the same
typical posh boy all wind no water.
to an outsider how would we look. and we are the little fighting for peace online.
has the same problem as the west many with little understanding being manipulated by evil men.
it is not condoning to try to understand.
the trial of lord haw (sp) negates the protection argument.
can not quite see garage gunning down ian hi slop
accursed amp massacred (with a kalashnikov. ) exactly what they did.
that is not up to me. and who was the punishment taken out on ?
the perception of others is often different to our own
this is not justification by the way. my teaching would always be laugh or ignore.
bullying he is been dead a long time you know
i sincerely hope so too 😊 thank you .
outcasts make the best followers. look at robin hood and hitler
treaty of he did win an election after all. so same outcome ?
it is those who are angry, frustrated, hopeless & amp ; lost who are easily manipulated.
random violence begetting random violence = escalation of violence
given the magazines bullying of the prophet, i suspect most moderates while against are less sympathetic
west is all i have to say on that joke
bbc reporter noting that charlie hebdo also mocks christians , jews and atheists . oddly , though , those groups
gotta give you that one
nope just the lone wolves of the religion of peace
yeah look at the crusades, slavery in america, holocaust. no other religion ?
the pair of you would struggle, let alone one
that is because and islam alone, is the religion of peace. (sarcasm)
the past are recent
you saying the crusades did not happen ? you claimed no other religion caused mayhem
bush said it was a crusade and said god asked him to attack iraq
busy in and syria.
is on her way i am too tired
why is terrorism international & amp ; weapons from terrorists always russian ( soviet ) !? — tt
and if you count her votes as a justification for her politics look then putin vote
they are welcome to it. but it did not stop putin invading your country ?
society is racially polarized violent scum, who pretends to have moral superiority over other society is.
the one power that has never stopped trying to destabilize everyone else incl europe
because they were produced by gazillions during cold war and exported to every corner of the world
she is spineless. rather futile attempting to look like a woman. read more
surly they will be delighted. bonne chance ...
.... or that you are not so smart. and you would not want me to think ?
yea. sorry it would seem our intentions here are somewhat misaligned. enjoy your afternoon.
no place for personal abuse. now how many votes did she and her party get.
i see. tell me how is it possible to insult someone who supports her own enemy ?
pen is going to create the right antigen coalition in the up, using putin is financing.
personal insults lessen your how many votes did her party get at last election ?
i did answer you. which makes you blind to arguments ?
enough to give her a place in parliament. just as putin did.
clearly you will not which makes you part of the cult that only listens to one side
video shows police surrounding paris kosher supermarket where gunman reportedly holding hostages
hopefully the police will catch these killers
video shows police surrounding paris kosher supermarket where gunman reportedly holding hostages.
its a shitty world we live in. z
all this coverage for three numb nuts, does the media really think this is helping ?
nothing to do with me probe !
another theocratic encroachment on free society.
so it should not be covered then ?
looks like such incidents is going to be an everyday affair eu countries could be next
2 dead so far that is why so much coverage
they can not escape this time though that is for sure !
if you dare watch the evil truth of jihad and how islam is blinding our governments
charlie hebdo : now is the time to uphold freedoms , not give in to fear , says
remembering the website that sprung up on 7/7/2005 as the people is response to london bombs.
odd timing though house of commons terrorism bill being debated ... hmm mm
the burden but fuck you jenkins.
where are the fucking pictures ?
is one of the few reliably wrong on everything always
yes 63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
responsible not anarchy.
cartoonists georges wolinski and cabu are among victims of attack on in paris
someone is trying really hard to throw this on muslims. why now !?
ironical how the bigots at the helm of are now martyrs. or, is it ?
these misguided brainless acts only cause harm nonmuslims die and the average muslims have to deal with the aftermath
the best response of the west to attacks on journalists is press freedom & amp ; better reporting of
attack try cold blooded murder by peace loving in the name of over a cartoon of
to those who believe terror works - the charlie hebdo print run for next week is issue increased from its
will they be available here in the uk ?
it can work the ap has censored piss christ from its archives
where can i get one ?
it is great to see the increase of people drawing offensive islam related cartoons. muzzers will be raging
everybody who believes in the freedom of speech should buy a copy. where can i get mine ?
. any comment on the terrorism of tony ?
would like to but how many british papers have dared publish the cartoons.
very few people had seen their cartoons, now the whole world has.
seems to have worked on the british press though tony ... sadly !
i want to buy a copy !
i would rather swallow a bullet than bow to a " god " too insecure to handle cartoons .
i low would.
my god can handle cartoons. it is the retarded religious fanatics that can not handle it.
i do not know about swallowing a bullet. you may have to fire one in your life.
love to watch the penguins !
oh and do not forget penguins
atheism is the way zoe.
convincing information of a i will readily accept it.
was my verb tense in that last comment ?
information or an irrefutable theory)
i was accurate enough. thanks.
though i would prefer to return fire against any idiot who fears his deity can not handle cartoons.
amen brother chuck. you said it well.
update : a hostage situation is unfolding in a kosher supermarket in vincennes , eastern paris . french police on
religion of peace lao more like “ the religion of piss “
islamophobia : a word created by fascists , used by cowards , to manipulate morons .
i hope you understand the irony of invoking kitchens.
i thought kitchens died of the butt flu a couple years ago ?
a word created by fascists, used by cowards, to manipulate morons. ”
craven us media explain cowardice re mo cartoons : “ we are sensitive. “
it is used like racism or racist to scare people.
was an atheist ... so ? does not mean he was not right about almost everything else.
the gunmen responsible will be " chased as long as necessary , " says .
and defenders are responsible for that
god is one. his name is savior.
you believe everything that u are told, do not you ?
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
another one really this needs to stop
awesome. just decided to plan a trip there & amp ; now this ???? 😣
thanks really appreciates your support ! we will get these basters !
how many times are you gonna show that poor guy getting gunned down you disgusting pigs
massive immigration result your own people are in danger. deport them
video at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical magazine in paris ...
extremists are pathetic and nothing more than murderers hiding behind religion. rot in hell !
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
immediately revealed who was behind the attacks, began to defend terrorists
i do not need muslims to " condemn " acts of islamic terror , i need muslims to stop committing
you can not fix a problem if you will not recognize it as a problem.
funny how that works.
the condemnation of ideological liars cannot be relevant
they are just following god is instructions.
most are not terrorists ; but most terrorists are muslims.
or put more effort into stopping (helping stop) those that do.
sums up the absurdity of the killings . ( by )
pen vs former is more powerful.
rt sums up the absurdity of the killings. (by) ”
tragedy complete evil cowards.
apple , the " je suis charlie " banner on your french site is pointless : host charlie hebdo on
stop the indecency of tour !
do not forget : france gave us the statue of liberty , our symbol of freedom .
could not have just gone along with the sentiment could we ? heaven forbid ...
and a is also (north)american, as a brazilian is (south)american.
and they loaned us money and ships to fight the british in the revolutionary war.
you should have written ' gave america ', we are not all yanks
north center america + south america ; north america = canada + mexico + usa
and fries oh those came from belgium, huh ?
i am outraged that media will not show charlie is cartoon.
not everyone agrees with you are not the world thought police
my referral was ' yanks “ meaning in the usa
there are 2 continents of america north and south, and not everyone agrees with what the yanks say
respect to the french police
all need one of these, just incas !!!! the bad guys are getting crazier !!!!
it sure took a long time to get the bastards, i think eventually that will be discussed
london declared last night . photos by
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
we knew you were there in spirit. x
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
shooting at site where charlie hebdo suspects are holding a hostage north of paris
it was the who gave these fools coverage for years !
hopefully they got the scum.
shooting at site where charlie held suspects are holding a hostage north of paris ”
heart and prayers with the people of france
shooting at siege north of paris |
suicidal murders are different when the targets are not israeli is or jews
shooting at site where charlie held suspects are holding a hostage north of paris
just as police storm building the bbc decide to show the weather. no wonder you are a laughingstock
hopefully the gunmen do not have access to your live pictures of police positions.
including radio and except for a direct land line to b used for negotiations.
i would hope so. the have decided to end this !
the guy is not coming out alive, he is going to take as many as possible
video : is editor tells al jazeera why they are a target [ 2012 ]
rt video is editor tells al jazeera why they are a target [2012]
shame on you also still need to learn what freedom of speech and satire is !
video is editor tells al jazeera why they are a target [2012] ”
apparently that video can’t be viewed in the us. it’s giving me an error message saying that.
video is editor tells al jazeera why they are a target [2012] ”
video is tells why they are a target [2012] ”
religion of peace back at work . muslims attack french magazine that mocked muhammad , killing 12
was a yet no one blames christianity for his atrocities
everybody has the right to mock religion . mock religion , specially that one which does not want to be
why the ' hurt sentiment ' should always be religious ? but not secular or atheistic ?
i disagree religion is not a viewpoint or a book
it is exactly that : i disagree ; religion is not a viewpoint or a book ”
cartoons do not kill. fanaticism and barbarism kill.
displayed on the roof of the german axel springer publishers hq in berlin
in 14 modern amp ; & amp ; re tweeted
displayed on the roof of the german axes sprinter publishers hq in berlin
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
and have more guts than the whole of the british elite combined
charlie hebdo : fox news anchor suggests skin colour helps identify notypical bad guys '
fox news anchor suggests skin color helps identify no typical bad guys ' wow
i think maria said it bests. fox news is like scrabble news !
racial insult if ever there was 1
and that becomes a completely circular algorithm ...
more on commuters ' bags , to be recognized by muslims who wld need to ride w/someone .
adopt hash tag inspired by sydney is via
" terror " in france : gunmen in attack still at large . what we know so far ( getty
it is not terror “, it is pure terror.
same magazine had been widely criticized for being pro islam and anti israel
because .... today is liberal “ journalists. “
how come owned that image so quickly. sickening.
why is terror in quotes ?
so when do barack obama and hillary clinton recommend we arrest the rest of the charlie hebdo staff for inciting
was dead on. have a great day !
i know that. it was hyperbole.
. who is we “, you chickenshit keyboard warrior ?
apparently i misinterpreted your tweet.
we are to the masters who only care to exploit us by race/ religion/ class warfare by ruling class
have you heard of fort hood ???
regardless i will take my leave in discussing this further, have a good day
they arrested him on unrelated charges and never commented on him inciting violence.
problem is disarmed.
i am with you it was a premeditated attack
it is is mindless incoherent trolling often leads to confusion.
the question is will tell france to exercise restraint ?
leaders today give deception to make lies sound truthful, thieves look respectable, media appear show solidity
when does blame the weapons that were used and call for the disarming of france ?
17 journalists massacres by israel in gaza , 2014 . where were these " freedom of speech " people then
do you always misrepresent what people have said ?
i see now where you were coming from. thanks for clarifying jenny
i was asking. i think you misinterpreted my tweet.
i hope you understand what i am trying to explain.
okay as long as you realize that is exactly what you did in this instance
but can you see how your tweet looked like a misrepresentation of what was said by moe ?
please let is not play atrocity fucking top trumps
i will give you benefit of the doubt, its possible i did misinterpret.
the this is not about them !
not sure how you drew that conclusion from that .....
no democracy and no religion. period neither.
the ones i know were marching for palestine. tagedies do not trump one another.
a agree its making everyone miserable
you think it is ok that islamist kill people because of this ?
- paris media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor .
. lets not forget the support people in their office. though no photos on hand.
i believe secret service made this attack but why ? you can think about, why !!!
your tweet takes center stage on my just have a look :
lets see how will and this. new story of september 11
media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor. ” fuck terrorists
is there no end to this lunacy ? “ : - paris media attack kills 4 cartoonists. ”
media attack kills 4 cartoonists including chief editor.
killers can claim their reward from ayatollahs. fatwa rescinded or still in force ?
media attack kills 4 including chief editors.
methinks this is just the beginning ... the gates of hell are opening.
cartoonists do not deserve death for artwork . but i am not . their racist content does not become courageous
power dynamics are pretty important and recreating stereotypical images of marginalized groups are racist.
that is why prophets look like christian bale in hollywood but reduced to stereotype when satirized '
yes just seeing that one !
he was extremely brave and ppm should focus on him and not the cartoons !
you do not seem to see very much
that is not good satire.
when did i say any of that ??? kim, you are tripping.
they can. but they were not in this case.
maybe but they talk about real causes like that.
it is mocking a religion that has been largely socialized in imperialist/islamophobic policies and western secular discourse
sorry but they were just libra denser. they were not racist or sexist they just criticize stereotype.
and the way they portrayed the nigerian women protesting chick girls missing was just tasteless
routine racist police terror against muslim immigrants in the paris projects ?
did you see their drawing ? these are not stereotypes.
that is a stretch. those particular cartoons were not inherently “ racists “.
yeah but everybody is not oppressed in similar ways so i have never liked that excuse they give
i do not see a “ racist agenda “ to oppress muslims with this particular cartoon.
no i did not. you said these cartoons are not inherently racist
we are the held cartoons anti-islamic ? did they specifically normalize oppressive policies towards muslims ? no !
i am talking specifically about the caricatures of muhammad. they were not racist. offensive ? yes.
when have you ever heard me praise the merits of free markets ? stop kim
that was an image of a black french politician.
satire is meant to comfort the afflicted and afflict the. they were racist af.
just actually looked at those cartoons. racist and awful.
whoa you just misquoted me to get a couple it's and fans wow !!!!
i understand they are offensive and display the culture insensitivity but how is it “ racist “ ?
i am slightly concerned that people clearly do not understand what ' racism ' is
it is insensitive and offensive to people who are offended not racist
editor , murdered today , said in 2012 " i prefer to die standing than to live on my knees
god bless lord loves the brave
freedom of expression in france not consistent . so how can they claim ? or ?
attacking in ; use this hash tag and for trend
suspects in charlie hebdo attack killed after hostage situation northeast of paris , police sources say - ,
just do not worry about that so much
so glad they can not hurt or kill anyone else
except the innocent people with all the holes in them
not today though right its just the two peaceful muslim terrorists right ?
. they get to be now. it worked out for everyone.
at least god recognizes that i am doing my part ....
1500 police did you expect them to live
any of them who want to martyr i will grady give then the honor
gunfire and explosions heard at second hostage site . live reporting from on cnn
bad guys have is as well. might not want to show tactical units outside staging their raid
gunfire and explosions heard at second hostage site. live reporting from on cnn
it is just chaos and bedlam in the city of lights
there is nothing glorious about it
let is hope everyone stays safe !
how much 15 seconds of advertising
take a lesson from they are right there ... all you guys got is two cops standing
gunfire and explosions heard at second hostage site. live reporting from on cnn ” so sad
gunfire and explosions heard at second hostage site. live reporting from on cnn ”
i hope they get their wish
if anyone thinks the hostage taking at the jewish market is coincidence you are very wrong
now report the hostage is safe too
does it ever end rt : gunfire and explosions heard at second hostage site.
stop saying blaze of glory “
the two brothers are now dead ! afp sources
gunfire and explosions heard at second hostage site. live reporting from on cnn “ woahhh
: the world would be a far better place if all religious fanatics followed this advice
religion will. end soon. logic
lets add kill yourself alone ... don t take anyone with you ...
. we have so many in india ......
one of the people in the world i hate the most is laden , because he tarred the bright face
was fake after end of soviet war us announced that not any missile passed our borders
was inside job even all video mugs of laden was fake
what about your face after taking a massacre chance for propaganda of glen.
in action. the truth is here - sgt ;
i m also hate laden fake character propaganda. 9/11 was fake.
every newspaper in europe should publish those cartoons from charlie hebdo tomorrow . every single one .
no we do not and fueling this fire wont help.
so we now know who is responsible and why ?
it is a part of the news story of the terrorist attack, after all.
how about the guardian nick ?
i hope too that they are put on a website so that they are permanently recorded and globally available
i know they will not nick, they are too busy making up excuses for the murderers !
so we already know who did it and why ?
that is for cowards surrender your freedom of expression to wahabbist shit-heads.
hear hear john ... well said
in memory for those killed in .
but would say show them ... not
did not go after the video producer blamed for. he also supports silencing free speech !!
i had forgotten. thanks submission started with
wish i understood the language.
way to stick it to the muzzles !
and would say we need to show empathy !!!
i personally think he is out of the closet. well at least that closet.
guess he is suggesting that we suppress free speech in name of political correctness.
the in the will not stand for slander of.
left click to then right click for menu, select option to translate
this needs to be on every persons screen by the end of the day !!!!
lets hope they kill those who did this so they can go be w/ their virgins ...
this is a terrorist , this is a muslim : french envoy’s photo goes viral
is the jokers killed innocent students 150 thy were also muslim
such hi breast kr santa hie agar muhammad saab i beiazzti bill breast nazi car santa
but then i don’t think the kkk are christians either.
k hi shewn k phase hie kinda k bande👎👎👎👎👎👎
or and this is what really turned me completely against islam - to denounce child rape.
k band rabbi kiss key shewn nazi pete hie
these killers are scum with a tribal mentality, their god is irrelevant
all who kill amp ; killed r muslims -, the, kids. root is. .
was engineered. us economy boosted after that. will also boost corporate mafia.
the terrorist attack in paris is beyond obscenity . it is a violent assault on freedom of the media and
id love to know the percentage of muslims who think just like her up around 99% u reckon ?
there are moderate but islam is not moderate
the truth . u gonna put a fatwa on me and kill me too ?
maybe they should stop attacking israel then ?
i believe quite a lot. i wont give % though, but heirs a few more comments
just look at your always quick to abuse ppm and use violence
there is nothing unacceptable about it. you need to accept that, you fucking caveman.
is an attack on freedom in general
who cares thats u do not like it ? gtfo of western countries u terrorist sympathizer
have many gay friends yet u re tweet ppm saying transgender la should all be deported etc lmaoooo
is an attack on freedom in general ” ............... wed
really hows the and jews going in all islamic countries ?? equal u say ? hypocrite
i know a lot more than you think u homophobic, western nation hating fanatic
i call them free “
tonight , i spoke to president hollande to convey australia is solidarity , sympathy and friendship with the people of
and you can shut the fuck up you twit
still would have happened they r nut jobs, but 18c stops media scrutiny
it is probably not going to stop though. our follies r weak as pi$$ with islam
we will whether media and politicians like it or not.
i did vote for but do not want him to bow for these suckers blackmail
so he should go against with valid arguments, lots of (ppm) would support him
did you read about the poor guy getting 1000 lashes in saudi ! so goddamn screwed up.
better ring him up again ...
weakness is strength in the new politically correct west
. you did not try to speak french again did you.?
it is a conversation that has to be undertaken and led strongly from the top.
indeed it is and it must stop
the world is under attack not just australia, we must act here soon !
totally agree appeasement not working, muslim leaders here silent on paris, pc movement must be rejected
it would be unfortunate if we played politics at a time when our country needs strong leadership.
will now have the conversation about australian values, multiculturalism & amp ; islam ?
and i want the laws used thanks.
politics two people died in martin place because one wanted to lose votes in western sydney ...
. this hole crises could have been avoided if we appealed 18 c
you can. does not preclude that.
published a cartoon of the notorious leader last week ( they have just tweeted the pic again ) .
breaking 10 dead in attack on satirical paper that poked fun at mohammad …
fuck and your motherfucking islamism ...
how is that relevant please do not do what everyone will do : hotchpotches
face it that guy is a goofball moron !! speech !!!
then are not sane
after gutless attack on journalists lets re tweet this in defiance of terror !
and distribute no silence about islamist terror
new yorker cartoon . seems particularly relevant after attack .
i was trying to make a joke, daniel …
i am a nihilist and i am offended ... “ ha !!
i feel that it is a bit racist. where is the black in that panel ?
it is our fault we let religion free. we must cure it. inject it with logic
it’s racist against all empty boxes.
what is racist about the empty box ?
that is a politically acceptable way to attack the concept of political correctness. it is all politics.
that is white so it is racist. jk (just in case someone thought i am crazy)
kinda don’t you think ?
apologies to any nihilists : new worker cartoon. seems particularly relevant after attack. ”
french police set up checkpoints 12 miles from a gas station where suspects were reported seen
so they will be out of range.
their gonna have to go down without one, the cops are unarmed over there
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
proceeds to light brown & amp ; transparent frame hombre sunglasses (brown)
2 false flag shooting -- attackers spliced in + cops cut out + man ... :
police set up checkpoints 12miles from a gas station where suspects were reported seen
make an example out of them
please retweet - to show your support for !
for the attacks in france are the us and israel “
between killed and 3 million muslims algerians displaced camp in the french occupy
hi you might want to check out the news we are aggregating on this and much more :
every politician in the and has been for more and other non-white immigration.
lair ! media
here are some of the satirical pictures charlie hebdo have produced
religion of peace .... please tell me when.
here are some satirical pictures ' charlie held have produced ”
he is a skip supporter. read his bio, says it all.
radical amp ; other yet cannot stand up to scrutiny
is incompatible with the western what point where you trying to make ?
you are a filthy racist. times have changed, get used to it.
cancer is humanity is cancer.
only saying the truth about the so called religion of peace
it is humanity is cancer.
she protected her tweets as well
have you read the bible ?
i imagine they are as precious as her gun rack and love for her daddy.
the union flag was a kinda of giveaway
every newspaper in the should publish these cartoons asap and continue to publish day after day.
is full of bloody strange people
the star is born “ one made me chuckle. religion is our species ' biggest problem.
is incompatible with western society
you are probably not lying. racist scum.
mourners hold signs showing victims ' eyes during rally in ny ( j . minchillo , ap )
any proof or you just believe whatever you want ?
just like cartoons awesome juxtaposition !
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
powerful image says i saw what you did, i know who you are ! “
i guess your brain can not fathom using an old photo ?
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
get. more image here
i have seen one national newspaper pixelate out the cover of charlie hebdo - the self-censorship begins . terrorists 1
i have seen it and feel : disgusting and shameful.
do you believe that individuals from the muslim faith and islam itself should be immune from satire ?
it is the choice how to react. satire and mockery are part of our culture.
learn what satire is. is not a race. you can not be an extreme secularist.
maybe they are afraid of being killed by the religion of peas.
religion amp the religious, particularly extremists deserve mockery & amp ; ridicule. free speech
good chance of it. there was certainly no blurring of the pics of a crucifix in urine.
do you believe that & amp ; islam should be able to react violently if offended ?
no. did not realism this was an inquisition
bullshit. watch the movie life of brian.
this is part of the problem. you define enlightenment as deliberately provoking muslims beliefs as mockery
do not get a special pass to not be offended.
murdered for free speech ; & gt ; pixels out charlie held front cover. shameful cowards.
name and please. right away.
but we need to live together in peace and respect. deliberately insulting muslims does not help
do you believe that people from other cultures should be able to ridicule muslims & amp ; islam ?
think what you i am clear about what i believe.
i wish i was surprised. shameful.
so they died for nothing ?
i do not call on jews to be insulted. what is your point
but satirists have the right to, yes ?
of course but we should not lionize those who deliberately insult muslims as so called satirists
begins with t ends in h
let me guess does it begin with g and end with n
as soon as you added the word ' but ' to your sentence you became a terrorism apologist.
begins with t ends in h
cowards the terrorists win !
and yet you the name of that newspaper ? link please
r part of now. attack today is disgusting but this so-called satire is just anti muslim
for what purpose why ridicule muslims and islam ? why not treat them without ridicule or mockery
the extremists will benefit from an escalation , it justifies them . people who just want to coexist are thrown
that starts when the people who want to coexist stop taking their beliefs seriously and actually attempt it
please this to the people standing behind heater under the pretense the madman is actually fighting terrorism !
it is not silent just want you to know that
we are is push back bus. extrmists benefit from section. ppl who coexist thrown under bus
six days after charlie hebdo’s offices were firebombed , their front cover was this . “ love is stronger than
rt cover post charlie held’s offices were firebombing, “ love is stronger than hate. ”
hey kid of watch your filthy mouth, fuckers killing the name of allah
maybe it was not the cartoons of mohamed that upset them ?
first mistake we all did was to allow these creepers to grow on our lands.
hilarity
since your freedom has no limits, you have to face the consequences favorably.
blocked and reported for threatening physical harm
freedom of killing notice your ugly tongue.
stop this secular at least not now
listen pig says the follower of the religion of “ peace “
and you are surprised nobody likes arabs.
something we have learned from your freedom of speech.
you just and we do. deeds talk.
this does not reflect their policy at all.
is that the prophet ?
that is some white image.
from video showing them shooting and yell “ allah akbar “
reports of an explosion at a kebab shop close to a mosque near lyon . no indication of link to
yet terrorism knows no borders. yesterday is attack on is an ugly reminder of that.
unlikely linked if it was an attack on a mosque !
not close enough.
that is why i hate terrorist attacks ... paranoia rises n shines, basic human rights r diminishing.
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
breaking photo : hostages being led away from the scene of paris kosher grocery siege , gunman killed via
... brought in jean reno.
never embraced science or capable of engaging in industrial revolution. just a commodity society
everyone says the gunman is dead at the market. there were 2. are they both dead ?
4 hostages were killed out of 15-20 hostages at grocery store.
we know about ancients through greek and jewish eyes. west archaeologists uncovered lost societies. ie hit
nothing of will even be known about except through western scholasticism. nothing archaeological.
will leave nothing of their culture. know of them through us. dont even have pottery.
video posted online appears to show gunmen fleeing after attack on magazine office in paris
where did they get the clouts ? ah yes-high tech weapons ? hmmm ???
theater of scene all over the world-need love here on mother earth now
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
thanks for editing out the first part of the video !
the killing act is cheap theatrics and def n0t g0d in the highest ... just boys with the toys
video posted appears to show gunmen fleeing after attack on magazine in paris ”
1st they came for the jews . then they came for the jews again & amp ; again ... then
this is a good day to keep your muslim agenda to yourself
complete disregard for the facts of history. its always the jews. sometimes others also but always.
takes a certain gall to defend your claim of victim hood as innocent jews are being held hostage.
i but what does that have to do with a conversation about the present day ?
the only thing left to do is wait for iran to finish their nuclear weapons program, right ?
because history is rife with periods when the gays/blacks/etc. had it easy in europe.
oh so are not only violent but also stupid ?
. its greatest sages who called zionism an abomination and threat to world jewry.
yeah right you piece of trash
what do the of paris have 2 do with israelis & amp ; ur zionist logic ?
the greatest peril for is thinking that nobody is going to respond.
how i wish this was not true.
looks like we just sent two more pieces of pork back to good riddance
time to clean up shop. rid the of this cancer !
hence my trouble with people trying to claim first prize for the jews.
the human race will be much better place without neo-nazi is like you
hence my trouble with people trying to claim first prize for the jews.
but this is not a contest in suffering
. well when stop equating judaism with zionism, world jewry would be in much better place
so 3 put down. good riddance. they are being raped by now. lol
on jazeera : double standard of freedom of expression
' flogged for islam insult'video link :
on double standard of freedom of expression “ brilliant points.
if your point is that we need to extend the freedom of expression i agree with you ...
on double standard of freedom of expression ” video is unplayable ! perfect !
you can hear on yesterday is
which calls for the extension of freedom of expression not it is curtailment.
it has all to do with islam
thank you for highlighting and making it so simple and clear. thank you
meet ahmed merabet , first officer on scene to die at ,
a victim of deranged muslims. rip ahmed megabit !
ironically tragic. he was a muslim.
killed in the line of duty. may god have mercy on your soul.
the problem is it matters not a jot if muslims are among st the victims
may he rest in peace.
god bless and sympathies to those that know and love him
meet first officer on scene to die at, ” 😔
proving not all are terrorists ... but these were.
i wonder if is policed will blame everyone but the shooters. like nypd.
‘ the death of faith in the west makes it harder for us to engage with islam . ' (
it died for a reason.
all religions are man made. they are political tools to control the ignorant masses !
me praying to my dog is no more or less credible than someone prays to allah.
it is a shame is absolute horse shit, it really is.
some peoples beliefs are so absurd though so this difficult “ engagement “ will probably remain so.
agreed. liberal nonsense from
as did the people of sodom & amp ; gomorrah.
amen to that. thank god it did
engage them with overwhelming firepower.
maybe is not our lack of faith, maybe you were just not convinced enough
basically that is plenty have faith. most do not have a medieval mindset.
story of paris attack broke after our cartoon deadlines , so this will only appear in print tomorrow .
if you were really ballsy ...
wonderful solidarity from sa cartoonists with chart and charliehebdo
thank you attack tribute ”
here is the cartoonist is response to the attack :
not a response to the attack.
ah still is quite topical today
not a response to today is attack. cartoon is from 2012.
extremists will not understand it as for them it is not empty but white.
here is the cartoonist is response to the attack : ”
guess it shows that this has always been an issue 4 political cartooning -ability to mock is important
i did think it was extraordinarily speedy. but hey, the point stands
as far as i know it is not a response, it has been around for some time :
that is from ... 2006 ? i think.
the cartoonist is response to the attack. vía
here is the cartoonist is response to the attack : ”
here is the cartoonist is response to the attack : ”
it and brilliant at that. i am a stickler
this particular cartoon is from way before this attack ...
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
was not that published in 2012 ?
tragic , powerful drawing on by canberra times cartoonist
where has that been drawn ? it is still jan 7th here
powerful drawing on by canberra times cartoonist
a truly passionate fanatic would have also burned the drawings, imo.
let the yellow swines win
now know what kind of terrorists they are dealing with. guards should carry more powerful weapons.
powerful drawing on by canberra times cartoonist ”
drawing rahegi or nuke trade benakab kart rahegi
yep still 7 sew ....
powerful drawing on by canberra times cartoonist ”
powerful drawing on by canberra times cartoonist ”
in it is thursday am there.
powerful drawing on by canberra times cartoonist ”
it is a horrifying thought that people in our world would prefer to kill rather than allow critcism
it is a horrible attack to art, humorist and freedom ... in other words to our life !!!
hi look at all of these beautiful painted rocks
the exaggerated use of white space is so sinocentric.
there are no shapes but triangles and big bird is their prophet “.
its racist. look at all that white compared to the black. horrible
and there is a rectangle !!! i can not stand that make it black circle !!!
i feel my religion forbid rectangle !
shame for you. you just activated my placard
photo of petrol station north-east of paris , reportedly robbed by suspects
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
r diseases to people they should b cure from this planet 4 forever.
these men are criminals cowards and should not be promoted as anything but this
photo of petrol station north-east of paris, reportedly robbed by suspects ”
do u condemn any of the things mohammad done in his life ?
ukip is culture spokesman : freedom is the very bedrock of western democracy . it is non-negotiable .
freedom that is being taken away by the powers that be every day.
it is not
ed and dates row about hhs today was all written down in advance word for word
unless you are a hardworking immigrant seeking freedom to travel.
yes that is why we arrest people for reading from a winston churchill book.
our freedom in the west embodies some disrespect for other cultures. we must strive to counter this.
with that comes the respect for our rule of law, culture and language
a lefty then its part of the plan
this is why i and other muslims will not apologise for the charlie hebdo attacks –
wherever you like that has decent beer. do not fuck off after 45 mind.
in some but we are more alike in these areas than we realize.
there was a recent amp ; extremely ridiculous example with fox news - a separate incident.
i am taking this as a win by the way …
win knock yourself out.
i think we all agree that is wrong then. us must be very diff to uk.
and yes if something heinous was done in my name i would take to the streets if outrage.
to condemn and to apologize are two different things. i think these are being confused in this piece
majority publicly condemn those ores. no one expects apologies. pointless article
exactly nobody said anything about apologizing. its about condemning the actions. its a noticeable silence
i have not slept for 28 hours. im actually going bed now.
condemning every act of violence would also be a full time job for anyone ...
fried was done in my name ?
i would have thought everybody is obligated by to condemn the murder of journalists ...
looks like a ) conflation of mass outrage/condemnation and apology ...
was it i must have missed something. when/where did the perpetrators say that ?
sod this. what are you doing next thursday ?
not to mention the numerous local talk radio shows across the usa.
denouncement and apology are vastly different things, confused by this article. interesting read though.
fair but i have not seen any anchor calling for that !
i agree. if this was the case, then everyone would need to apologize all the time.
it would be pointless if we did not have “ news anchors “ on air calling for such nonsense
so you were out on the streets when abe fried broke ?
i am a muslim journalist . although i disagree w/ anti-islam cartoons , my faith compels me to respect the
i would like if re-tweeted cartoons to show true condemnation and support of the free press
glad you are able to make this all about you.
your first obligation is to be “ tired “ of islamic terrorism itself.
condemning means talking about the reality of islamic violence on behalf of your slain journalist colleagues.
you are not condemning. you are bragging about your superior ethics.
you are thinking of an ' opinion '. you can not disagree with an idea.
in fact openly complaining or remarking on islamic terrorism puts a person at risk for revenge murder.
but can you have an intellectual as well as civil chat about the violent trends within islam itself ?
really are all the “ christians “ as “ segregationist “ ?
you should perhaps place your frustration at terrorism and not a muslim condemning terrorism.
show your own condemnation then by re tweeting political cartoons. lead by example.
exactly the impression i got susan.
no. people mainly complain about islamic terrorism. the muslim reactions to it are secondary complaints.
1 of the cops killed at was , like most victims of islamist militants , a muslim .
strictly prohibits killings of innocents and appreciates forgiveness. u he wrong info
coincidentally enough. most victims of israeli & amp ; us attacks are also muslims
this is not this is extremism and secularism ,my heart goes out to their families
they were two moustapha our rad and ahmed mere.
of descent indeed. but it does not imply anything about his faith.
are most likely victims of any militants
really pity so many think killing innocents in his name is not just allowed but encouraged then.
... sends his regards ...
call them just call militants or terrorists. islam does not allow this.
was no pacifist like the nazarene, and his followers are still as bloodthirsty.
charlie hebdo was not singling out islam . it is target was authority , whatever its source . via
where did you get your education ? are you an even real doctor ?
that makes absolutely not one bit of sense.
its. oh even the new york times can not tweet without basic errors.
the deliberately was seeking out journalists because of their cartoons. you are an idiot.
hey it should say its “, not “ it is “ !
reputation of once again under threat as paris comes under attack
if you only knew the actual crimes that your tax dollars pay for
perhaps the times could illustrate this by actually publishing the work of charlie held.
the new times can not even use “ its “ correctly.
i have supported through the entire war. i know.
a variation on question authority “
please re tweet that without the stray apostrophe.
why would they defend your brothers in isis ?
fuck you amp fuck your joke
you are quite good in hate speech you hate so much it seems.
in 2001 it is 2015.
your face is a swine mate.
get off twitter and take a class in reading comprehension.
it was most certainly concentrated and focused on islam in recent years. run a comparison.
its scary because ppm with swine logic like yours are why nazi germany happened
how ... of you.
arsene wenger : " to think in a country like france you can die for your ideas is absolutely shocking
that is fucking disgusting. sort your head out.
this how a football manager say on important non football matters ... something good old harry needs to learn
and for turkey that is pretty normal
it could be better if they killed winger also
uk border security increased after attack , terror threat level unchanged - uk home secretary
with so many loons in the country it should be set at the highest level permanently !
token gesture wont last because the cost rises i know from experience
increased why there are thousands of terrorist here they do not need planes boats n passports
the border force covers airports too
i feel so much safer ! not,
should put our finest on border patrol nobody would get in then low
does increasing it means it is generally under staffed ????????
that is good it just stated ports on news xx
agree start a petition there all home now, out of afghan out of germany etc ...
attack is pure bullshit. a stop ! like all cogs of same machine
will the do the same though which will only strengthen our borders with no financial loss ?
will that fear spill over into the american society ????
just needs a coalition fight to isis etc militant groups.
terrorism 101 how terrorism really works explained by a 10 year old.
playing the am alright jack game from a bunker
what charlie hebdo does , and why terrorists use it as " a pretext to justify their violence . "
sent to hell. he gets reward what he was doing from quite long time.
hi. please check new how to drive demo & amp ;
between governrment attacks and terrorist attacks , it is hard to be a journalist these days .
unbiased journalists are offed by governments.
. the attacks were despicable but do not try to tell me staff are journalists
. no one will try. for obvious reasons.
you mean it is hard to communicate, to distribute information, to exercise freedom of speech ...
what we know about the gunmen in the attack : ( pic : gelbard/afp/getty )
great so go amp ; preach your bs 2 your followers
although i am totally against what they published but i am shocked that people has been killed
how dare u as journalists u should support and pay respect to the victims
seriously you did not quite get it i think ...
the are using a dead cop photo on their website !
the picture you chicken shits
and i always thought the brits had more balls than that.
i know every one that i have met has had guts to spare. apparently traded theirs off.
thanks for sharing. shame on you
western leaders created terrorists with various arabic “ springs “ by mercenaries was inevitable to go west.
i do not see demonstrating against terrorism, but they did about a film !
in our religion prohibits us from killing and asked us to discuss ideas by ideas-cont.
absolute cowards pixelates the cartoon on cover of much for free press, eh ? ”
this is what it comes to. prt “ : pix elates the cartoon on cover of ”
absolute cowards the cartoon on cover of so much for free press, eh ?
is relatively benign the is even worse the wording in their news bulletins drips cowardice !
something that people may find offensive is not cowardly or anti-freedom of speech.
i can not believe you have pix elated charlie is cover. sad.
can not blame them today i suppose cc
for expressing their ideas. rip all those who died.
and nice to tweet with u.
is says it represents ! it is u who needs 2 read & amp ; understand !
this is not true and u should not generalize. we have extremist as in any religion.
and then they say the french are cowards ...
amp not to return insults. freedom does not mean insulting other religions and believes-cont.
absolute cowards pixelates cartoon on cover of so much for free press, eh ?
do not believe in any form of freedom,
if we start to be scared we are lost. we must stand for freedom of expression
did the telegraph tweet that today ?
a message to all religions
do not they do that ?
this gt : a message to all religions ”
that is the best message i read so far.
a message to all religions
this gt ; “ : a message to all religions ”” // agree !!
new same shit. : a message to all religions ”
condemn this attack it is a total shame
congrats on your tweet !
world press united in defiance following attack
cunts need to chill the fuck out and listen to bob marley
world press united in defiance post attack of reject losers
we condemn attack on media in world. nerunkot newspaper park
well done to those brave men who killed these bastard journalists yesterday !!!
... ! do not kill the don bass !!!!
if something will help us to guetlnakm dear crusaders filthy infidels # ath_alasalamah_baekaya
as it should be in defiance of islamic terrorists.
us r responsible fir journalist death from al career over iraq war
bloody bastards when u postured insulting postures u do not know at that time
your temples of will be closed down soon enough
but will they publish the cartoons ?
i be been,
cartoonist takes on the attack :
could not have given them 24 hours to mourn ? point made and understood but timing is everything.
of he drew first is also important. sad though it happened
attention express your anger in non violent ways.
uneducated kids with made guns following a religion that calls for death to all infidels.
not sure u thought this through dp.
i do not agree with what you have to say , but i will defend to the death your right
... are guys & amp ; hindus included in that ex. sakshi sahara
. will u let is see if and u have the guts to publish it !
i get your point and support it but voltaire never said that
counter terrorism expert colonel mike dewar says paris will have been put on " virtual shutdown "
counter terrorism expert colonel mike dewar says paris put on “ virtual shutdown “ ”
least no ones gonna steal the eiffel tower
... or is it maybe the fundamentalists attack phallic symbols as well ...
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
the instrumentalization of charlie hebdo : some defend freedom of speech all the time . others only when they can
only the state is allowed to prosecute journalists, not individuals
now that sounds very much like fascist propaganda
maybe. if you are a proud lefty n pro-terror. i am not.
thank you. freedom of speech goes along with responsibility for what one says ... and draws.
false and worse policy.
or raping women in !
i defend freedom of speech all the time, as long as people use their words and not bullets
and some of those who now condemn massacre have themselves bombed tv stations, killed media workers deliberately.
all regimes are some more equal than others
we are 100 000 charlie “ ! via
one million copies of charlie hebdo , rather than the usual 60 , 000 , will be printed next week
air drop copies over jihad est territories. french have taken a strong leadership role for the world.
how do i get a copy ?
and we will be 1 million to buy a copy
the proceeds of the sale to go to the victim´s families
french police named two suspects in killing of policewoman in montrouge :
said these two will be the perfect nipple twisters at is next un speech
police named two suspects in killing of policewoman in montrouge :
my music against the hate to muslims like n share tnnx
rt police named two suspects in killing of policewoman in montrouge : ”
the solution is preemptive assassination of any muslim who expresses radical views.
they do not even need to say it, we all already know they are muslims
so hang them. like they deserve
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
police named two suspects in killing of policewoman in montrouge : is dat shit
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
have a nice lunch you two !
may their ashes be flushed down the toilet
invited this before attack, french began ceding control of neighborhoods to islamist ...
dark ... i am sensing a pattern here.
if they want to die as martyrs come on out and meet the police.
police officers & amp ; staff across norfolk observe a 2 minute silence .
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
police officers amp ; staff across norfolk observe a 2 minute silence.
can you please do the same for the 1000′s of children killed in gaza ?
the thanks you for your support after the attacks we have suffered. we all thank you.
they will be out jailing tweeters afterwards.
we are 100 000 charlie “ ! via
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
a tragic day for the freedom of speech
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
u guys almost spearheaded the demo. ottoman empire ! 😉
a tragic day for the freedom of speech ”
could how many us media outlets will publish/show muhammad cartoons ?
two phrases come to mind : “ three days of the condor “ and attack : vet journo
this is a tragic day yes, but they must respect our religion !
freedom of speech has been ruined as far as the world is concerned.
we need more like gulen-pope meet
charlie hebdo is nov 2011 charia hebdo " guest-edited " by muhammad : " 100 lashes of the whip if
rt would with such thoughts for those who died and such hideous anger at the ridiculousness of the murderers
one needs nuts to publish such cartoons in wilayah france
can you please translate it in english for me ?
i am telling you : burning effigies are more effective at communicating your irritation with atheists.
i can only draw using my mouth , i did my best . the pencil is stronger than the gun
thank you for your drawing ! that means a lot, english friend !!! ;
and your best is as good as it gets. gold star award henry.
no excuse for not drawing within the lines h.
your ' best ' is brilliant. the message is what counts. enough is enough. suis charlie
dear henry ... nothing just that
excellent job 1000 times better that what i could only attempt to do with my hands …
. damn you are good ! i could not have done that with my fingers and hands !
thank you so it means a lot for us
better than all the front pages bar the indy
i disagree. the pencil can hurt but it cannot kill. the gun can.
nicely done. keep pushing yourself. nothing can hold back the human spirit.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
video shows gunmen in execute police officer and drive away :
... execute ??? i thought they were murdering him.
rt video shows gunmen in execute police officer and drive away
video shows gunmen in execute police officer and drive away :
nobody is god existed today. : video shows gunmen in paris execute police officer, drive away :
video shows gunmen in execute police officer and drive away : why show this ?????!!!!
the magazine attacked in paris has a history of bold satire
the magazine did go too far with their racism dressed up as satirical publishing but is inexcusable
may have pushed the limits of satirical humor but that was their right in a free society !
let us never forget and stand strong with the staff of and media throughout the free world.
it is easy to condemn killings . it is harder to say unequivocally that we have the right to depict
your rules are hurting whole world
so terrorists sold be allowed set the boundaries for free speech ?
i did not tell them to shut up either
if you have nothing good to say than shut up
i am blocking one for hypocrisy the other for pomposity
i do not think these people do these things for any other reason than they want to
for the record dispute their right to tell us what we have the right to do.
really. so u do feel that terrorists sold be allowed set the limits for free speech
thats why leaders should play role
been up and down your time line, can not find your views on charlie held
you could well be right but do not need to listen to them
telling those with whom you disagree to shut up is the epitome of ending discussions
no. if you do not like what we tweet then follow us.
so point out that this appears to be being used as an excuse to murder
are find almost immediately that they are not wholly banned.
just because they say we should
and they choose this in order to give themselves the pretext
your attitude is a very reason of extremism growing.
do you mean my attitude ?
that they choose to do this because they choose to be offended.
i told them to stop spreading hat erred on social media, with me i am here for discussion
no you did you told them to shut up.
to which i would suggest you follow them if u do not want to listen to them
my attitude is to respect the beliefs of others but not to accept their dogma.
why follow discussion should not end
. with full power of liberal humanist democratic laws, ethics, policing and military.
massive protest in over attack they returning favor to french people who stood by them
they killed thousands of civilian also
or maybe read about the 800 british people israeli terror groups killed in the 1950s.
two months after sweets were distributed in the streets of after a similar attack by palestinian terrorists.
religion is the justification for people who want to kill. not the reason
nice stock from 2012 !
you are describing war crimes. which are even worse than terrorism
" i do not agree with what you have to say , but i will defend to the death your
today we are all
it was not it was evelyn beatrice hall who wrote that.
hebdo are not just journalists , they are the bravest activists here in . love you all
the ones who spread fear wear a gun, so stop talking bullshit to me
this is exactly why i am saying : we must address the real issue.
there high be a big weapon contraband if shootings keeps happening
does not make sense your comment, try speak in english
free speech must not be silenced in the wake of charlie hebdo attack , writes :
the guardian cannot even manage free speech on it is own comment pages.
radicals were upset portrayed islam as a violent religion in their cartoons , so they killed the journalists to prove
i was dame sure u will say now i am kashmir hahahaba
before opening bloody mouth go n annals ur so called hinduism sick mentality hindus
we have seen u we have lots of proofs from ur indian televisions
way ever but u are ediotttt
is it peace to behead an innocent christian ? thats what your duran teaches
you do get right ?
papal insane history path budhooo
kindly provide me any reference in which duran said that behead the innocents.
my dear just read you may have seen it in any anti-islamic documentary.
not of you peaceful muslims it is the others. lol
you are gone made u r not in ur senses now so accept my condolences 😢😢😢😢😆😆😆😆 ediotttttttt girl
no alive i must u are not in ur senses now hahahaha
no any who its written u r making all of us fool by making our holy verses wrong
shame on you mug.
there is videos of beheading christians. it is a fact
that is why maximum is converts into islam
u will see position in the day of judgment just wait
u beheads children is on the name of bhagwan shame on u
lots of my friend and class mates are hindus and christians here
oh no i can not go on with my day now 😔
our religion is peace not a mess like hinduism
open your book and see madam
so pathetic u r miss tamara 😱😱😱
what makes you sure they are muslims who did that ?
go and check the history of pakistan made man
funny how you are saying i should get a life while you are obsessing about me 😂
admit u belongs to that fake religion na namely hinduism
than how u are saying here is now any hindus living u must be misled
they join because they will be killed if they do not.
please until me. thanks
learn you idiot “ not “ edit “ hahahaha what a pathetic moron ! 😂😂😂
sorry been in class but yes last i heard they have gotten away.
are killing innocent in kashmir tamara open ur eye u r became blind folded
because our and saw teaches us about peace.
so miss peoples converts into by their wishes not forced
eat ever is going on india with muslims we are well aware
so funny u r saying they join com of fear shame on u and yr cheep thinking
the press will likely now cower in the face of this attack meaning the terrorists have won
they behead them if they do not accept allah as god
is the funniest religion in the world
ashamed of u miss shame on ur thinking about muslims
go and get a life dude
who the hell are u to say about our religion mental sick girl plotted mind
i am proud of my religion
certainly not my ancestors awl were muslims with the grace of allah almighty
i apologise for rough translation . " freedom of expression is spilling ink , not shedding blood . "
the correct translation is the freedom of expression is letting ink run/flow/stream, not letting blood run/flow/stream
i missed your response. excellent point.
i would have used spilling “ twice for emphasis. good job !
it is late.
i should have. my is school girl bad.
i meant an apt response. sigh ...
it is a perfect translation. thank you !
’ s charb who was massacred today : " the kurds defend us all " . rest in peace brother
held ✌
now living a comfortable life in born.
god blesses the truly the only brave ones left
congrats on your tweet !
thanks a lot bless you too !
i am no fan of but this is a sickening , terrifying , unjustifiable attack on journalists . my thoughts
what more would you expect from
the problem lies in for france to criminalize islam
then why make he first part of the statement at all.
just in case people forget ...
implies that they may have brought it on themselves.
its more like saying i am no racist, but ... “
the but part is pathetic mahdi.
have just said this is an unjustifiable attack. “
you know what the word “ unjustifiable “ means do not you ?
intolerance cannot be an answer to intolerance . has to be unequivocal condemnation of the terror attack as well as
its high time acted ! austria and parts of germany look like saudi arabia these days.
me too blocked. someone red on my tl. will che
retaliating against barbarity as warning to islamic terrorists are not in the same league as brutal killings.
despite repeated warnings by greatest men for decades world played footsie by treating as a religion
nope. tweeted. him earlier
not true actually y day she condemned and published the cartoons --
mosques in but not in paris that i know of. but agree completely !!
see you are the kind of person that i am talking about
despite repeated warnings by greatest men for decades world played footsie by treating as a religion …
have you forgotten salmon on which muslim countries has put a million dollar bounty ?
your advice works only if there is audience
earlier maybe it looked like israel
cartoonists are reacting to the attack on . freelancer lindsay foyle joins us in 10mins . pic
religion should be offed topic cause you will get crazy people killing.
that cartoon could go down in history.
terrorist is no. yes ...
the letter from the independent is deputy editor : in solidarity with
is that what they died for ? too bad ...
agree with although the image is compelling at first sight
approximate translation : " freedom of expression is spilling ink , not shedding blood . "
mt ... freedom of expression is spilling ink, not shedding blood. “ ”
. approximate translation “ freedom of expression is spilling ink, not shedding blood. “
if the killings are what many think they are , there are dark days ahead for and europe . everyone
but the radical traditionalist groups will lose the most.
4 cartoonists killed - charb - cabu - tignous - georges wolinski
your piece in huffing ton hits the nail on the head, mahdi.
4 cartoonists killed in paris.
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
do not judge on the actions of a few there are gd and by ppm in every religion
that tweet deserves to be featured ! check it out :
i want to express my immense emotion at this barbaric act committed against seem qureshi
" state surveillance of emails will prevent a atrocity . " - but france already has email surveillance . "
yeah ... i pushed something out about that kind of talk yesterday :
if you were being oh well done.
anyone that believes tolerance is the solution to militant islam , remember this picture .
sorry but do not talk about islam if u do not know anything about it
very sad and tragic.
do not talk if you do not know anything about it.
whoever kills an innocent soul, it is as if they had killed the entire humanity “
no not dead i am alive and my family my country all i know.
like not “ really muslim “ it is different.
you have not read the koran have you. it is full of killing infidels. get real !
unfortunately you are right. armed forces are not armed (only taker guns) . 😔
just one of the terrorist do not make all us like them. like killers.
the idiot then accused me of sympathizing with extremists. so i blocked him.
yeah the killers even stated it was while killing. this was revenge for moe.
remember this is nothing to do with religion. bollocks.
. these guys do not give a damn about.
sorry but they are all the same, the only good muslim is a dead 1
me neither. but they call upon allah. just like muslims.
this is from corn coz these assholes do not know about that
i do not know who they are to be honest.
i do not appreciate those photos. they are disrespectful to the victims. so eff off.
surprisingly all terrorists invoke do you think they are buddhists or catholics ?!
yes honey it is in corn 😔 because this iii saythey are not mmuslim.
then why do they say they have avenged their prophet ? of course they are muslims
. he was already injured ! does anyone keep up with the news ???
the big wheel turn and backlash will be disproportionate beware harlots
follow follow corn. but they are not the same ? oo
are you a sympathizer ? if so you deserve what they will get soon !
looks like he has a holster on hid right hip.
well what are they they definitely are not jews or catholics
they are not really ! i am muslims and my messenger mohammad do not said ...
if was he he does not like what happened !!
is this an unarmed police officer ?
does anyone preach tolerance to militant islam ? surely it is tolerance to peaceful islam ...
this is not all muslim are not the same ! islam do not say kill anyone
every should be required to look at these photos ! only then will they know islam !
please do not tweet that to me.
said kill anyone talks about me, he makes punishment for anyone kills another !
nothing destroyed breivik is maniacal rhetoric more than norway is calm , humane handling of his case . a lesson
has the same nauseating odor. sidelining immigrants was a sure way to breed terrorism
and the western world react ? calmly ?
they just went you are fucking nuts you lad “.
yeah well in already promised new anti-terrorism measures. different style.
it is been the only sane response to “ terrorism “ in the past 15 years
the anti racist events sos racism and touche pas à mon vote was created to dilute immigrant political revedications
he was reduced to hunger strikes over gaming platforms.
these two incidents have nothing in common apart from being incredibly sad
both terrorist scum but the difference is the background and clear connections to terrorist networks
fuck islam and fuck their pedophile prophet . that is all .
war with the final crusade !
boo you reported him wahhhhhh cry more you pussy
u are & amp ; much dumber than u think.!!
god thank you for preparing us christians for the final crusade with muslim pigs ! god is good !
i think it is funny honey ! get over it ! lol ! so funny !
could not of said it betters myself
your awesome war with islam !
uh oh looks like you are next.
let me guess you are going to blame obama for the shooting ?
your comment is baseless. so u must be a dumb ass.
mt can not sleep , thoughts with my french cartooning colleagues , their families & amp ; loved ones
a who at kashmir palestine and rest who happened is utterly wrong at no hypocrisy ply
is a bitch. the french will get them.
and do it got style , please rt : life advice .
i love this and do it got style, please rt : life advice. ”
this is so true. brilliant !
exactly what i was albeit a split second before they kill everyone else.
is not that called a suicide bomber ?
i deleted my suggestion that paris attacks be blamed on us drones , when it became apparent that even that
have you considered and researched the ideals of a mass murder are his own ...
what is a matter race ?
you clearly do not get it
consider this tho he did
he was using catholicism to create the matter race ....
little known was also an era
you must have people among your followers that willfully misunderstand everything you say ...
historians agree that lost the war because of his atheism
fucking idiot could not find evidence supporting ururtatement
he was .... born and raised ....
being in denial does not mean you won ....
you cited a you have zero room to laugh
i learned something today. the more you know *
is all about creating a matter-taddee
obviously. what other reason could there be ? saint ding dong () is infallible.
now you are really getting twitter
yes any good atheist knows he belongs to the religion of hitler
that is fine but your wrong ...
i barely engaged either of you two and you flooded my mentions i won
a lot of struggles to come to terms that killed for
it does not. killing millions for is sick, bub
an educator you switched your “ e “ and “ a “
he was an atheist
why you gotta be so rude ?
or maybe you just suck at it ?
you can deny it all you like he was christian ...
opposed organized religion. but he did believe in god.
camp ... translates to “ my struggle “ .....
a u have a meme as supporting evidence ? seriously
for once i agree with you.
you can deny all you like he was atheist
while we are at have i responded to you yet ?
or maybe the people who can not see the sarcasm are just unimaginably stupid ?
for stupidity knows no bounds.
this can only be settled with dueling downfall videos. go !
its true. this was all outlined in man camp (which literally means my unbelief)
common misconception. was definitely atheist
why are you calling professor hawkins st. ding dong ? i do not understand ?
and thus photo is a fake ....
he was find some other arrangement ...
ha ha aha ... at least spell it rights : atheist
what evidence do u have supporting this, jd ?
.... if it helps ya sleep better ...
adjusts fedora he was atheist
he was referring to himself
native speaker those buckles read “ god is not real “. common mistranslation
he thought he was a god according to this meme. therefore it does not support the theory.
you have to reality tv is worse than anything ever inflicted upon the world
.... there is plenty of historical evidence to prove it ...
oh the master race of ya, agreed.
why are you being so disrespectful ? professor hawkins is a leading figure in the natural sciences.
i do not believe you won this one. have a nice day
killing millions is wrong .... but we differ on his motivation ...
why would an atheist kill jews ?
actually your sucks .... is says good it is with us ...
no pivotal evidence ... it is photographic evidence ....
we refer 2 it as a “ müllerkörnerkleft “, meaning only atheists we disagree
won what the quiet game ?
that is cool. there is no sin for lying in so you are permitted to lie
was this is fact ....
why will not atheists just accept hitler was one of them ? embrace it
have you considered that maybe he did not ?
are you freaking robot is atheist some kind of inner word ??
in response to another yes
or maybe the people who can not see the sarcasm are just unimaginably stupid ?
indeed he did was atheist
it was easy to see that professor hawkins was being sarcastic. you - not so much.
it does not support he was atheist either ...
just an was an atheist, now you know
i do not think you should be talking about a sense of humor
and this guy says i have bad grammar. hitler was an atheist pal, deal with it
was using catholicism as a smokescreen to do genocide in the name of
i just baited all you think about it
. the problem with obvious sarcasm is that people are willfully stupid.
was now with your bullshit.
it is probably a new nazi page
look away all you want atheists, you can not deny the facts
that was a false statement made up to decorate him from christianity ...
no stated that his “ conduct is in accordance with the will of the almighty creator “
that is false information .... he did not ...
why are you re tweeting the np ?
obviously. there are two reality programs currently airing that deal with the problem of reality tv
st. does that work better for you ?
a bunch of atheist what is your point ?
wrong. was a roman catholic. the nazis had got mitt us etched into their belt buckles
he was not.
rt this cartoon and pay your tribute show them real face of muhammad
mat car
twitter is not allowing re tweet of your tweet !!
update - the editor-in-chief of gerard biard says a " newspaper is not a weapon of war "
it become a casualty of one - no matter how undeclared that war may be
we must not let any of these isis vermin come back from syria. paris is example
then he has not read what is to be done ?
the report editor in chief as being killed ??
rt update the of gerard board says a “ newspaper is not a weapon of war “
weapons of mass destruction libya ? syria ? ukraine ? iraq ?
a huge loss of life no matter where is tragic and very sad
so why did it act like one & amp ; allowed itself to be targeted then ???
salman rushdie : " satire has always been a force for liberty and against tyranny , dishonesty and stupidity "
rush die never r insults israel zionist jews because they r the ones paying & amp ; printing
remember when the satanic verses was published, the un attacked france for not banning it.
from at least the time of aristophanes and cloud-cuckoo-land.
satire has always been a force for liberty and against tyranny, dishonesty and stupidity — ^
who makes attack to sacred values, they are less than stupidity honesty is not subject of word
and history knows who are they, no one can hide anywhere
stupidity is armed these days.
lets test your love for freedom of expression by unmanning holocaust criticism
it is not easy to open a mind which is clammed shut.
gunmen attack paris offices of , kill at least 12 .
according to president of turkey ; r.t. brogan. eu, israel and us is the biggest enemy.
is in prison. in jail. release samanyolu broadcasting group chairman dr. hidayet maraca in turkey !..
judge hushes up an is link to al-qadi in hearing into bugging case …
judge hushes up an is link to al-qadi in hearing into bugging case …
gunmen attack offices of, kill at least 12. ”
one can condemn the killings , while conjointly condemning racism , xenophobia , and islamophobia framed as harmless cartoons .
why condemn satire everything should be fair game.
published cartoons satirizing all the major religions not only islam. how is that islamophobia ?
dichotomous thinking is not my cup of tea ...
this really is not hard concept2parse unless ur a racist, xenophobic asshole who also traffics in islamophobia.
makes me wonder if the artists at were really left wing in their politics.
by adding your disclaimer that the cartoons are improper you are supporting the view of the savage killers.
why do you not comment on the fact jews and catholics were also a subject of their satire ????.
condemn an entire worldwide religion based on the actions of a few. all faiths have extremists.
latest from printworks where suspects had taken one hostage .
why are your cameramen laughing ???
this is so terrifying to watch. praying the hostages are safe.
in sad and i am afraid, for this is
let is hope the poor hostage is ok
man you should have seen it live sarah just happened out of nowhere
things seem to be hotting up
. latest from print works where suspects had taken one hostage.
support and show islamists we wont be scared . pls retweet the most offensive cartoons !!
done. up yours and any other muslim bitch who does not like it.
its satire disgusting or not its meant to shock and be seen as a joke.
if our so called journalist wont do it at least we can
and i would not wish to print those pics either - but would not stop others from doing so
so true fortunately we now the net
i am gonna re tweet. dear isis : bring it, bitches.
because being deliberately offensive is such a great way to celebrate freedom of speech
you do not have a right not to be offended
how about this for horrible. . . . . .
these are not cartoons they are news bulletins !
brilliant . via
brilliant. via outstanding !!
a complete if guide to muslims denouncing terrorism.
french authorities are conducting an intense manhunt for the charlie hebdo attack suspects
are they hunting for who ordered it ?
authorities are conducting an intense manhunt for the charlie held attack suspects ”
i am so sad about what is happening in paris right now.
reported late the three attackers were in custody. one of them was shot dead.
bet those two are not even in france or in europe anymore
grenades thrown at mosque in france , day after attack : officials
now to be precise what is difference b/w attackers of & amp ; today is on mosque
... i think this is not terrorism ...
so we have to learn from u what freedom of speech means ....
war profiteers x would and in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
yeah because in country girls are even scolded for watching men football !! retard !
hey retard how you got info that there were no terrorist in mosque ?
sigh grenades thrown at mosque in france, day after attack : officials “
what about mahasabha, beijing day
good start of against muslims/islam
what about grenades thrown at mosque
i salute if singulars in india had same courage then india would have been terrorist free
grenades thrown near the mosque not inside mosque. this is too done by muslims
very unfortunate and act of coward
i guess will be very proud now
terrorist attacked in name of religion and killed innocent people while police retaliated to capture those terrorist !!
harm what religion do they belong mr. retard ??
here is a rundown of the cartoons the savages in paris just slaughtered 12 people over :
coming from who stated buddy is where right to break the law.
repent from worshiping and turn to the lord jesus christ
radical terrorists who kill us for simply being americans. find who is
endearing themselves to the world again.
until they kick their butts out of their country this will keep happening.
it should result in millions more cartoons created.
the pressure on nations to enact serious, visible reforms, shut radical mosques, etc.
they only understand violence. and they are cowards.
i do not have a kind of terrorism do you ?
copy he knows how to deal with these savages.
i was trying to stress the importance of not labeling all muslims as
. you cannot win a war by simply proclaiming moral superiority to your enemy
these these people who do this have lost their humanity.
well bob you said it special kind of stupid
. you must be thinking about genocide. i never said it.
now you are just stretching the buddy supporters were peaceful until attacked
who is bald down the middle. the middle age mullet low
if we kill people because of their faith then we are no better then the
amp then there is brain in norway. he is a muslim ; right ?
i am using a marine generals saying. please do not make me pull my weapon please
it was peaceful who blew up the ok fed building.
sorry sir i was in a bunch of conversations yesterday
but what do you do to stop this ?
are you serious i am not responsible for anything these animals do
you can accept responsibility if you choose to but i do not will do whatever
thanks for clearing it out. prayers go to the families of the 12 victims.
but so far it is been peaceful muslims reeking this kind of havoc
any radical terrorists would be a better term i suppose. and yes wipe them off earth
us in eliminating these radicals. i think it is going to take everyone to say that is enough
does that include should we b prosecuting john derby shire for instance ?
when radical drunken sailors cause this kind of mayhem you can include them
it takes a special kind of stupid to make a statement like that
u are no different from those who find hydro acceptable. only different ideology.
right only kind of terrorism is acceptable !
there is nothing more viciously intolerant than a pony-tailed professor.
no sir you can not. but that is no excuse for genocide either.
just want to make my point that being muslim does not make you a radical
you could just call them terrorists then. any religion is just a way to claim power.
you are aptly named for your orwellian thinking. you have not a clue what i think
maybe not on all just the ones that read the duran
if you do though i will wipe you and your party off the face of this earth
it is not religion or offending belief its barbaric, inhuman acts of terrorism. thoughts with the families
amp do not forget those peaceful clive buddy supporters who shot 2 cops in nv.
there is a distinct difference in accepting and resisting
not blaming all i am blaming those muslims who killed 12+ people in paris today.
do not kill them of their faith kill ' em bcuz they kill us
just like liberal tolerance. they love you ... as long as you agree with everything they say.
please do not use hurtful words. it is great to be able to debate
you are responding to the wrong person. should be responding to.
the moderate runs interference, spreads dis info, supports, and defends the radical.
and the guilty parties are paying for the crime bcuz we americans did not accept it
yes sir. death to those who threaten innocent lives
is necessary to prevent this form happening
why assume the problem should be all muslim responsibility - we are all responsible
they bombed subway and have committed 1000s of other attacks including on their own people
sad khartoon ! i am just a muslim .. from a muslim rip
average are put off by denouncing terrorists ? this is a weird message to put out
that is brilliant we need some sanity and solidarity for ordinary folks
please do can you email me on khalidalbaih at
pas justification don t apologize please ! you don t have to. and you re free
congrats on your tweet !
. i am a moderate muslim :
congrats on your tweet !
but does this cartoon create a false equivalency between systemic, corporatized and isolated extremism ?
together they will kill me unless alienated myself from terrorist mindset be a
hey any chance you can send me a note with a good way to contact you ?
eiffel tower went dark last night in tribute to the victims of the attack .
this is called humanity i was there !
a desolate and very emotional scene. prayers for paris.
how to face and terrorism ???
the law of do not say the truth.
tower went dark last night in tribute to the victims of the attack.
sheik parrot is not wrong. islam is the wrong.
french islamic leaders at scene to condemn the attack . " they have hit us all . we are all
will kill those leaders next. all this in a leftists gun control utopia.
what a stupid and nonsensical analogy
how is that an insult ?
surely they are doing the best they can ?
are not ' playing the victim ' – the far-right are calling all innocent muslims terrorists.
verbal condemnation is no longer sufficient. they must act. fast.
whats the common theme with all these terrorist ? islamic leaders should stay away. protest against this later
yet this attacks are increasing in frequency
you are a disgraceful bigot.
a very dangerous minority that must be stopped
what a pathetic tweet you have no idea what the hell your talking about
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
are you available for radio special coverage tonight at 7pm local ?
these kind of terrorists are all around yesterday they were in istanbul today in paris.
where out the protests massive demonstrations ? words are cheap. . cair ... lao look them up
hardly. they protest bout new ch cartoon, where protest bout ch murder sgt ; ???
it is not an analogy. you have just made a contradictory claim.
cartoon from daily " long live satire ! " on the top
rt cartoon from daily “ long live satire ! “ on the top
awkward given censoring of al bernamig, but i guess that is maybe a hidden message
cartoon from daily “ long live satire ! “ on the top ”
like the government likes a free press !
cartoon from daily “ long live satire ! “ on the top ”
full editorial on slain journalists :
awesome this is the greatest political cartoon/editorial ever.
note that the won’t print the cartoons that offended the terrorists. surrendered.
full editorial on slain journalists : ”
they mocked and orthodox jews “ * orthodox jews*no wonder they died
a fitting tribute to the defiant cartoonists and editors at.
today is editorial on slain journalists.
yes thank globe !!! thank you !!!
one positive thing to consider : they will not be able to publish their anti-god rhetoric.
is an anti planned to spread
there could be no better tribute to the defiant cartoonists & amp ; editors at.
from a cartoon editorial. bravo.
defiant or and thank god !
full editorial on slain journalists : ”
full editorial on slain journalists : ”
we are against barbarians ! usa , europa and israel ?
may god keep all countries in peace, allah akbar ❤
well they deserve it cut they insulted our prophet mohamed pbuh
i do not believe you. islam is a fantasy. is not real just like the other religions
what are you saying speak english
that what did in algeria, my grandpa was killed by french, suis_pas_charlie, they deserve it
held this attack was nothing to do with free speech — it was about war
may punish them not fake muslims who make us muslims look like terrorists
i agree with you but not like this, not during this period there is a time for everything
wow . cover .
via wow cover of the new worker. powerful graphic design
it is a majestic depiction - filled with majesty and dignity.
powerful. rt wow. cover.
wow. cover.
wow. cover. powerful
this is absolutely incredible rt “ : wow. cover. ”
of course. did not appreciate it was a weekly publication.
wow. cover. terrorists
very much an up yours, terrorists “ message. subtle.
deep rt wow. cover.
this is really something rt : wow. cover.
the pen is mightier than the sword.
if criticism of islam results in violence , this is hard evidence that criticism of islam is desperately needed .
it is a war that has been bubbling over for decades.
agreed. the religion and the texts, not the people.
i wish they would stop hiding behind innocent people. point taken, though.
. have you seen any of those openly protesting any of this ??? me neither. lol.
. no such thing as a moderate muslim. no such thing as a moderate jew. references :
i do not want to preach hate against any group - including muslims.
yeah i am familiar with them.
no. it is evidence that extremists exist. nothing more.
ha ha ha you are shitting yourself in fear.
if peaceful do they should be very pissed at the terrorists.
that is a big part of it. we should also stop killing innocent people.
pretty sure that is not exactly what meant.
reading your tweets i see nothing but hate, hate for muslims, jews and blacks.
i do not need to be part of your argument with that ghastly man. exclude me please.
i do not fear bigots. i eat them for breakfast.
can not tell if they are afraid or do not care.
is you shall not kill “ really such a difficult concept for people to grasp ?
when any war is fought innocent people always die. this is a war.
i agree its time that we throw these pigs out of this planet
congratulations you are the first addition to my struck list today.
education is the key. it is obviously a threat to the extremists. the cycle needs breaking.
these books are littered with commands to genocide, rape & amp ; slave trade. its barbaric.
. you are such a good go. lmao.
yeah this is a crime, not a war.
cartoonists fight back .
it was not isis. isis limits itself to turkey, iraq and that region
cartoonists fight back. ”
cartoonists fight back. fuck you !
cartoonists fight back. ”
cartoonists fight back. ”
cartoonists fight back. ”
cartoonists fight back. ”
cartoonists fight back. ” you know they ai not gonna like this one neither 😂😂
cartoonists fight back. ”
cartoonists fight back. ”
cartoonists fight back. ” the terrorist attack on paris
amateur video shows chaos of paris shooting :
. we are told one police killed by gunman ? what is correct number of people killed ?
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
i strongly condemn this terror attack
note the “ between gunshots. rt : amateur video shows chaos of paris shooting :
amateur video shows chaos of paris shooting : ” prayers.
watch the video see the evil truth of islam
refunding what if they be not god praying and saluting him shame satan
amateur video shows chaos of paris shooting : ”
defends him keep calm and wait
they are a peaceful people “
update : police storm kosher grocery store in eastern paris as reports of suspects killed
they are killed : police storm kosher market in eastern paris as reports of suspects killed
in 2012 warned that french newspaper to stop disrespecting islamarticle and videos
update police storm kosher grocery store in eastern paris as reports of suspects killed ”
analysis : the story of the police officer killed in the attack is no longer in the headlines - why
not anymore. tension towards would ease otherwise.
the redheaded chick with the one liners
the article is flawed by the fact that ahmed megabit was the last person to be killed
because a life does not equate to anything in the eyes of the west sad but fact
maybe it is because there is another shooting going on ? stop being paranoid.
in i have heard more about him than several of the others who were murdered at
i have seen several times where he was mentioned. and photos of him.
exactly why should i give a shit swallow !
signs of the infidels. they can not stop islam. blame
sad interesting to see interview with jeannette bougrab- her algerian father sided with france
of this you. still u support and price for them. go and burn in hell.
you are absolutely right. lets ignore the other 12 dead people and the ones currently in danger.
poorly written but still worth a read - why dead police officer no longer news | ”
on the one hand saudi denounces attack on on other it condemns to 10 years and 1000 lashes for insulting
oh yeah. holocaust denial law of france & amp ; europe is also joked.
fuck the bigger hypocrites than the americans.
what can we expect from “ our esteemed ally “ who beheads women for sorcery ? '
so you are saying satires on politicians was wrong
the holocaust actually involved people dying. there is no comparison to be made.
double standard of trouble makers
same as avoided holocaust cartoons but prophet cartoons were
offend is your right.
the worst hypocrisy of world when it comes to freedom of expression and democracy !!
r the root cause of all the turmoil
published deaths people dying. saudi has blasphemy laws.
did they satirist deaths ? blasphemy laws are a complete joke.
the holocaust was real. god is not.
white house speaking notes : 1 . not about islam 2 . killers mentally unstable 3 . terror has no
the big o says work place violence “ !
how often and how long do we have to go through this routine nonsense ???
media and government seem to have become a disease afflicting humanity
even leaders from have started saying this. see this :
u made list of “ the best satire “ related to islam
are they trying to convince themselves ?
also applies to the left in canada !
and release aid to park
amp that of liberal journalists in india too like et. al
secular response to rabid what an oxymoron.
that is media list you stole !
then what the fuck is it ? it is a pure and simple islamic terrorism
religious people are mostly mentally unstable. religion is a collective neurosis as freud said
how to respond to the murderous attack on charlie hebdo ? every newspaper in the free world should print this
because they have to learn to not be offended, that is why.
and neither am i i think this has little to do with actual muslims.
if people insult something that is important to you, you feel that your identity is under attack.
oh dear ... just saw those tweets ... blocked him.
it is remarkable how quickly they come out the woodwork.
just for the record. i am not in any way, shape or form defending this atrocity.
until it becomes yours.
remind me when was the last time jews bombed the guardian.
also they kid you along with benign stuff then ... wham it is like a river of white !
label anyone they do not like as anti-semite and campaign until that person/company is finished.
and if that is the case, that is your problem.
you do not like jews. bye bye.
why insult people who have nothing to do with this ? people are genuinely offended by such drawings.
there is a lot of very dodgy twitter accounts who seem benign then you see the real side
i know gives me the creeps.
from 2011 : france is charlie hebdo newspaper has long reveled in the art of provocation
so basically the not is saying “ they deserve it “ ... nice ...
shame on times how about you support free speech and stand against intolerant islam
. so a cartoon is provocation for mass murder ? i guess in islamic thinking it is.
can you appeasement monkey coward fascists be even slightly respectful of free speech, even today ?
one thing will never be taken from charlie hebdo : courage
where is your courage today ? where are the cartoons ?
this rt one thing will never be taken from charlie held : courage
one thing will never be taken from charlie held : courage.
get real bull he is dead. this ai not a movie
one thing held needs : respect
one thing held needs : stop inciting hate. it is not funny at all.
one thing will never be taken from charlie held : courage ” many great articles today.
nice article but it looks like courage has already been taken from and most of uk press
obama supports amoderate ' muslims
gives penalty shot a whole new meaning.
we should buy every copy of the duran and build a bonfire. see one
best just give in then.
there can not be tolerance for a violent culture
weight classes mid & amp ; heavyweight ; last 2 kill 1st then each other
all it takes is for the world to admit not every culture is equal.
education .... or good propaganda that changes ppm from supporting radical islam.
how do you slander a false prophet ?
the solution is not with moderate muslims. there must be massive propaganda reeducating everyone on islam.
there is radical and more radical islam.
even if it takes planet x & amp ; a direct hit to rid earth of islam
yes. fanatics. but they recite duran daily from 1st day if schhol-college
we call them radical muslims call it conservative islam or salami islam
yes. i was against book burning until i read duran ; habits ; fatwas. purge it
just like the they do not want to be killed by the radicals.
remember when that preacher burned korans and everyone went bat shit insane ?
no such thing as radical islam, there is islam, and there is apostasy.
it is just period.
so sick of pro obama covering for these inbred thugs !
amp daily brain washing ; religious police harass them daily.
people are in they think they repeat happy thoughts enough they become true
was already against freedom of expression and against years before the terror attack. shame on him
breaking news : paris massacre suspects killed , hostages in two locations freed , reports say
time for to unleash us on isis to show mslm furs do not ok with us !!!
. where is the woman and how many hostages killed ?
breaking news paris massacre suspects killed, hostages in two locations freed, reports say ”
eureka let is get the entire hornet is nest in iraq, iran, syria, etc.
they wanted to bring france to her knees , instead they made her stand up " by
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
... we all are with you ... condolences to families of the deceased ...
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages
the rest of the will stand with france
a tribute to the cartoonists of charlie hebdo
the knees mean blow jobs hahn
12 people were killed. why a tribute only to the 4 cartoonists ?
a tribute to the cartoonists of charlie held ” powerful
a tribute to the cartoonists of charlie held ” god bless you all !
you cover the cross in dung, it is art, you satirize mohammad you die ! ”
show some respect. those people died for drawing cartoons
rt a tribute to the cartoonists of charlie hebeheld
they were five where is honor ?
to the four cartoonists .... you drew first
take a stand a tribute to the cartoonists of charlie held ”
rt a tribute to the cartoonists of charlie held
what about the police officers. or do they not matter ?
i am in solidarity with you. my sympathy to departed soul and the family members.
a tribute to the cartoonists of charlie held ”
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech
jews , catholics , muslims , white people , black people . everyone attacked by charlie hebdo , yet who
let me give you a clue, do you think brainless violence justifies more brainless violence ?
you want to justify the killing as if the journalists killed muslims.
do you know who did it ?
then what were you trying to say with the tweet ?
i am not trolling at all. there will be no peace until we send these people packing
hopefully a it is shock therapy.
do i can you support that defamation with evidence ?
i slipped the other day and hurt myself ...... i had no option but to blame the jews.
lets be friends instead !
no. do you think one leads to the other ?
just hope my god is not your god
police action is arguably top down, that is the appropriate response to this crime
the reason you can not find evidence is that your statement was a complete and brainless lie
they would react the same even if the west pulled out of every islamic country.
cheers. times like this when libertarians distinguish themselves fm bigots.
ad nominee will not safe you now. you wanted proof.
why are some people of this faith so afraid of criticism that they react to violence each time ?
so you withdraw your lie that i was “ justifying “ or in any way supporting the attack.
certainly makes more sense than a “ libertarian “ advocating top-down/governmental action.
if you feel ashamed by what another jew does, you are doing it wrong.
oh god let us hope so.
that is one thing as a very clear matter of fact, is untrue.
yeah like the 10 innocent people that have been killed
which libertarian is doing that ? in what context ?
it is repeated invasions that were the problem
how dare anyone blame ... it is the jews ... or the hindus ?
no he means attacked by the magazine. as in satirized
leave me alone if you are all mad, but i am not letting you get the last word
if you genuinely want to engage with people you need to go about it differently.
they are pretty !
sorry i misread it. my foolishness.
knew news corp be the first to react like that
if i were and i am not, receiving an 8 part lecture would be a victory
the ones the west has been killing non stop maybe ?
but i did not do that either.
no i am but thanks for your concern
i hate and hope they go back go the planet tattooing
we have no idea and speculation makes you look silly, remember andes break
you do not know anything about being jewish
and i am still waiting for it. (was not the ad him. attack yours ? )
ha you big hypocrite. as if that is what matters here.
this will be used to persecute innocents unfortunately
who followers of religion of peace
it does look as though i was right.
but that is trolls for you. they find a way to destroy what you love.
maybe justifying was indeed the wrong word. trying to reason the attack is what i meant.
it just seems you were trying to give a reason for the attacks.
nice to see a libertarian “ advocating community/ group responsibility.
none that i know of. that would be nonsense.
how do you know who was attacked ? or who the attackers were.
just a troll then. good good.
you keep making my fucking cellphone beep
did not know journalists killed them. thanks for head- oh wait you are a shit.
you are exposing you are state of mind, not mine.
he killed a bunch of antisemitic pre-terrorists at the annual plo-norway terrorist jamboree. no apologies
go for it. unless you are too scared to show your face
no more all said. you are clearly a moron.
what are you trying to say ?
so aggrieved by the truth on twitter bye emma make some rachel corrie pancakes for breakfast
then how can i possibly have been “ justifying “ the attack ?
do you mean the invasion by muslims into european countries ?
should get the hell out
try now the middle east will go. into denial mode. will blame jewish conspiracy.
just to hurt someone a bit for a laugh, maybe ? well done you.
not demand it by attacking them. good luck.
political cartoonists are mourning by retaliating the only way they know how . on pen and paper .
cartoonists know other ways to retaliate. they choose to pen and paper.
the pen really is mightier than the sword
mother of two young children who attend school near site ...
rt mother of two young children who attend school near site ”
mother of two young children who attend school near site have achieved saturation point
mother of two young children who attend school near site ...
children this young should not have to know what murder is
tell your men and woman died for your right to freedom and liberty.
2016 is going to be our be for donald trump.
new 2015 show presenter camp
better than explaining their parents are never coming home.
explain the word to them.
did you explain that the bullets we shoot far away home came back ?
well we saw the pics of napalmed children on tv in the 60 is so .......
mt the sort of free expression all authoritarians tolerate , from syrian artist ali farzat .
and remember our ' gagging law '
either we insist to coexist or we are all going to lose .
he lived in a completely tolerant society that respects island and he still decided to shoot 12 people.
weird response. coexisting is about respecting different values, opinions and religious pop peacefully.
song is incredibly relevant at the moment.
time for you to lose ... all of you
after terror attacks. rt either we insist to coexist or we are all going to lose.
the way that is literally kicked fascism away from britain must be repeated with radical islam.
we need more voices like yours
radical is not just a “ tiny minority “ it is a clear, sizable percentage.
co existence is only possible via surrender according 2, i refuse, how about u ?
you are the smartest out there mate,
i wish to rephrase we are all going to perish. not use loose.
there is then there is turning a blind eye to islamic based attacks on tolerant societies.
paris terror attack : what you need to know about charlie hebdo
newspaper around world should unite and publish c the cartoons previously published by the french publication.
remember people do not buy chips from yoga poker it is rigged they stole 35 million chips from me
thank you for noticing. terror attack : what you need to know about charliehebdo
terror attack : what you need to know about charlie held ”
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam
terror attack : what you need to know about charlie held ”
feel they are independent of law. they are a peril to nation states and treated as such.
after : the cowardice of india is liberals and our unwillingness to stand up for freedom of expression
awesome sir spot on !
too many holy cows and breeding at an alarming rate
spot on. after : the cowardice of india is liberals “
thank you so much !
very well clean write up. liberals taking convenient positions not based on principle.
beautifully argued. thanks for sharing.
well written ... hit the nail !
that is where cowardice starts. fear of speech.
well said. hope that others follow.
rallies held worldwide to condemn paris massacre ( photos )
shot you do not see blood rimmed. after fall can be laying on
rallies held worldwide to condemn paris massacre (photos) ”
who made all those signs in such short time ?
even look at this garbage
was not shot in head ... watch video. though have seen clean head shots
head explodes from hundreds of yards & amp ; no blood on this1
............ do you confuse with muslims ?
sorry. do not watch mm or vet this info b4 posting if i was not there
do not this ppm wonder who organized such a large scale production ?
hos head would be half gone. have you ever shot an ak ?
we condemn this terror attack.
ooh mighty herd of liberal hamsters and fagots
rallies held worldwide to condemn paris masparis mascaras (” )()
perhaps more like voted for palestine and palestine joined the icc. mossad revenge ?
that demonstration was obviously organized by the ppm who knew the event was coming
maybe played dead to save own life ... need to check facts be4 assuming
treat seems a like 2fear
never but do not need to in order to know what they do
not when it is an ak point blank to head !
no you need to stop buying mm bullshit hoaxes and wake the f up !
how about holding responsible for carrying it out ?
absolute all of it ! i can not believe how easily people are duped
those poor artists were sacrificed this is satanic ritual abuse imo
i was asking but you should ! good stuff
who paid the sign shop for all those signs ?
get serious about and west is double standards on freedom of speech !
you are actually was not shot at all. clearly missed yet guy played dead
' ' ' i agree
armed police lead people away near the store where hostages have been taken .
the gathering storm nothing can stop it now
will be summarily loaded into boxcars to irradiate the problem for
replaced with flag
french police start raid on charlie hebdo suspects ' hideout .
hopefully they only get energy and shards
yes this on be good !
expressions of sorrow and anger after charlie held attack
police start raid on charlie held suspects ' hideout. ” fast you
send those assholes to hell !
police car with bullet holes in front of charlie hebdo headquarter . photo
police car with bullet holes in front of charlie held headquarter. photo ”
horrible police car with bullet holes in front of charlie held headquarter. photo ”
. let is hope the officers are ok.
and the are normally armed. we could have fired laser or cs spray at best.
they are not. i believe at least 2 are deceased.
if the video doing the rounds is accurate, one executed while wounded.
police car with bullet holes in front of charlie held headquarter. photo ” sad news
police car with bullet holes in front of charlie held headquarter. photo ”
police car with bullet holes in front of charlie held headquarter. photo ”
police car with bullet holes in front of charlie held headquarter. photo wilma
gunman holding hostages at kosher supermarket in eastern paris killed , local reports say
i am glad the dog is ok too.
gunman holding hostages at kosher supermarket in eastern paris killed, local reports say ”
then they have resolved both. good on them.
gunman holding hostages at kosher supermarket in eastern paris killed, local reports say ”
we know why they attacked “. they wanted to murder people. that is it.
not if it cost even one more death of a pc or civilian, no.
lets hope they bled slowly to death
mate i do not wanna b f**led by anyone. have a good day.
u why mention bury in pig if ur not an islamophobe ?
both sets of gunmen are dead ! wow goes french police !
those things do not work fast enough to have stopped them killing hostages.
not so sure reports of 4 hostages maybe killed ?
wait overnight if u have to for it to work.
gunman holding hostages at kosher supermarket in eastern paris killed, local reports say ”
- both suspects killed as police storm building & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; . more &
rt both suspects killed as police storm building & gt ;.
i learned that sometime afterwards. kudos to the french special forces too !
actually its three. and all three are dead
jon stewart on : " comedy shouldn’t be an ‘ act of courage ' :
the gasping cough of the aging chickenshit
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
on : “ comedy shouldn’t be an ‘ act of courage ' : ”
on : “ comedy shouldn’t be an ‘ act of courage ' : ”
he should know. he has none.
neither should speaking out about your christian views of homosexuality.
to provoke a hateful environment is what the cartoonist company did.
on : “ comedy shouldn’t be an ‘ act of courage ' : ”
nor should comedy be an act of bigotry and racism like charlie held.
hezbollah chief : extremists harm islam more than cartoons
i just do not see french or european society changing that quickly, even after this.
set nerd en gelid ... “ : hezbollah chief : extremists harm islam more than cartoons ”
. deliberately provocative cartoons are no different to deliberately provocative remarks. = unrestrained psychos !
said with no irony ... rt : hezbollah chief : extremists harm islam more than cartoons
you would have asked him how about killing sunnis syria
i am not hopeful about the response of europe after this. they are too deeply entrenched.
you are probably thinking of hair, not harare. thanks and same to you.
are u related to one of the munich olympics murder plotters ? harari indeed !
i am not entirely certain what you mean by that. harari is a hebrew name.
rt chief extremists harm islam more than cartoons
prince harry signs a book of condolence at the french embassy in london after the attacks in
surely a responsibility made for hrh the prince of wales ?
what is this i missed this.
rt prince harry signs a book of condolence at the french embassy in london after the attacks in
can we see his message as well, please ?
everything the royals do is photographed
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
prince harry signs a book of condolence at french embassy in london after the attacks in via
horrible tragedy in paris today was not done by muslims , but done by terrorists . let us unite against
i feel the same about you fake want to be jews. the synagogue of satan
do you know who kills lesbians and gays now ?
terrorists using to justify heinous acts are not muslim, they are terrorists.
maybe those terrorist are cia operatives. we can go on and on with this.
for me, they are with a satanic, criminal, terrorist mind.
we do that with terrorists all the time
calling me have a good night.
we need to stand up against the white supremacists “ christian “ terrorists in usa as well
they seem to consider themselves ... nice try though.
a church was recently burned down in ferguson by christian terrorists.
you are a ? this is the reality of true muslims
i only sent that so you could see the absurdity of both
you are all done your little cop loving crying jag now ?
you are an evil human being
a ' race batter ' would burn it ! you might want to question rev. al ?
blacks kill more blacks than anyone else ! you should be anti-black !
violent there would be a much bigger problem than extremist attacks
many people still even in the us
this attack was nothing to do with free speech — it was about war
and they must have done the paris terrorist attack. right ?
lier ... and are one in the sane ! hate all of it ! evil pure evil
the blah of the idiots !
i am not a but thanks for the assumption
why just white ?? and why just “ christian “ ?? that seems a little racist.
they must be terrorists !
probably black supremacist they burned the seven eleven too !
mad because your god is also the god of judaism and islam ?
you should research before you pick a fight with 80% of the population
do you know what does to lesbians & amp ; gays ?
in some do you know what heinous acts are carried everyday by various people claiming affinity
so of the population are members of the kkk and nazis ?
but they still get the privilege pass. sound the whistle paradox.
white supremacists terrorists consider themselves “ good christians “
my battle is not in uk it is in the u.s.
if you say so.
what i am trying to say : (this guy is way more eloquent than i. )
white supremacists terrorists call themselves “ christians “ i guess you can say christians and christianity is evil
what have u been smoking ? they blow up churches and light crosses in people is yard.
the blah !
enjoy bedding your terrorists.
terrorists. the latter does not negate the former.
now your mask is coming off.
oh i was not disagreeing with that. my point is that they are not true
answer do you know what is the penalty for lesbians and gays in islam ?
just like the white supremacists terrorists in usa call themselves “ christians “
white people burn churches not blacks. the pastor of the church was active in organizing the protest.
and why are the terrorists in myanmar buddhist, hypocrite and coward ?
do you know what the biblical penalty is ? they are the same.
bullshit they were terrorist ! did obama tell you to say that ?
do you know the prophet abraham ? he is the prophet of judaism, christianity, and islam
i am committed to fighting white racist christian terrorists in good ole usa
you living in the past. it is 2015, not 1960. lol
the world must know his name . read : pls rt
good day and good bye.
and it is not over for rail. use your limited neurons.
vive la vive la france five la france ! terrorists dead, hostages free
rt the world must know his name. :
good thing we are not the saudis ' staunch allies ...
it does not dilute. it reinforces the message.
i do not quite get you, but it is okay to disagree
there is no time like present to link to gruesome present situations unfolding at once.
50 only 950 stills to go !
has condemned book harm already or is it not the “ appropriate timing “ yet ?
the police have started the assault on the printing plant. hope for safety for the hostage
what we currently know about the shooting at the offices of charlie hebdo , the deadliest in france in decades
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
every news outlet publish a mo cartoon today.
what we currently know about the shooting at the offices of ... via mt
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
stupid lone wolves and their workplace violence.
i condemn the cowardly attacks. terrorism is not religion. this inhumane. god bless everyone
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
that the reason people hate muhammad, they are killing people on is name. that unacceptable.
first sentence is lousy. and “ security was stepped “ ?
hey speak for buddy !
google is donating nearly $ 300,000 to charlie hebdo
no amount of money will bring back the dead satirists who died in that office, sadly.
i almost read this as “ jesus charlie “. hmmm
is donating $300k to charlie held ” that could buy 3k £10 blankets for the homeless
another jack holes just woke up. yah !
rt is donating nearly $300,000 to charlie held
it was a crappy newspaper with poor taste, not a sacred war memorial !!!
the ahmadiyya muslim community categorically condemns the attack at charlie hebdo . our thoughts are with the victims :
this is very may they rest in peace.
" to kill someone for making fun of you is a tacit confession of your own impotence "
. to kill for making fun of you is a tacit confession of your own impotence “
france is at its highest possible terror threat level after the attack .
gate amp ; bolted.
round up the usual suspects “ .........
bloody need to chuck them back to where they came from. hell !
mt at its highest possible terror threat level after attack
but the enemy is within and france, sorry to say it, is fucked !
is at its highest terror threat level after the attack.
the prophet ﷺ was insulted & amp ; hit by stones , till his body was covered in blood .
then who wrote sure ?????????? you probably reading a corrupt duran bro
serious have you the read story of k'ab bin ashram ?
sally ala ! beautiful reminder
attack on is " brazen assault on free expression in the heart of europe " says
. previously spineless editors she now flood media w anti-islam cartoons.
the attack on is cowardly and senseless .. as a muslim i am outraged by what happened today . prayers
so you are telling me that jesus and muhammad are similar when it comes to written stories ?
to hell with your prayers and superstitions grow up
but your religion is about spreading violence
ask those who died in ira and loyalist terrorism. politico-religious ?
i do not debate with bigots either side of the line.
fuck you. keep apologizing for the most violent religion currently infecting this planet. idiot
dear please go back to the countries where this shit is acceptable. signed- the free world
doubt the likes of you will get it even as they the muslim takes your last breath
the few bad apples ” explanation is wearing thin.
assange : the world must now avenge charlie hebdo by swiftly republishing all their cartoons . censorship attacks are a
censor the cartoons says ' free to say so ' bah.
sorry i didn’t intend to be aggressive towards you personally.
if anyone ever required confirmation of your hypocrisy, then they need look no further than this tweet.
i am gonna take a wild guess and say you do not like julian passage for some reason
great idea. you can start. when will publish the cartoons ?
to disappoint u but i am not qualified as a clown low.
which furthers my point. the cartoons are very much accessible. even now.
. maybe i misjudged
don’t feel bad i think they have bee irrelevant
except none of the cartoons have actually been censored. stay pressed, julian.
any excuse to back away from his own exaltation.
he is not he is saving his life ...
you admit publishes stolen info and bitches like a clown when is asked to re tweet cartoon ? rofl
but the is u since ur obviously not aware that the guardian and others made millions with ...
. why pour oil on troubled waters ? common-sense is not censorship.
to be leaks do have a point, otherwise you let the terrorists win.
you think is worried about “ copyright “ after publishing quarter million cables ?
but the purpose of whistle blowing/transparency i support
. who the fuck cares what julian passage has to say about this or anything anymore ?
... to commit a criminal offense.
since when has copyright prevented from publishing such information ? same is said for stolen information
so do i. but not the absolutism of transparency which passage preaches.
... publishing and using yes the same stolen info.
why would i dislike a self-aggrandising anti-democratic ego maniac with a messiah complex accused of molesting women ?
are you for real makes a living out of publishing stolen information. you are one nutcase.
you believe that is what this is about ? buh bye
even u be able to grasp that old man.
talked about re tweeting fool.
u obi. or else u won't have bothered to comment. yawn.
literally were their media partners .... in publishing stolen info. clear ?
but they could of without even trying to get him to sweden.
oh please. easier for us to deport him from uk than from se.
editor-in-chief : ' how people can attack a newspaper . a newspaper is not a weapon of war . '
the media are one of the most important weapons of war !
well yes was good, no need for “ but “
it kind of is though. a newspaper is a powerful propaganda tool if used in that way.
the attack was disgusting but it is a bad incl newspapers can breed hate which makes hate grow
i strongly disagree with this assertion, while crying inside for the state of the world.
the pen is mightier than the sword !!!!
in fact publish an image of muhammad eating a bacon sarnie in an act of defiance !!
and all in the name of an imaginary volcano god
agree with the sentiment but papers are very many instruments of war.
it is not too far till they start using nukes
the policeman killed at point blank range in attack was muslim . need more proof that terrorists have no religion
yes terrorism is a curse its nothing to do with religion as no religion support terrorism.
now they are attacking on mosque. my question who is terrorist.
religion is the reason for division. any division breeds hatred, killing, war .....
terrorists do not have a religion
this is a not a war between religions, it is between mankind
i know i am french
get settled and have kids before it is too late.
so did not know that ! cowards
harm killed 100 last weekend in nigeria, is not book harm followers of islam
funny how was not trending when anders breivak murdered 77 innocent souls .
and the motives of comm enters, too, i would say.
there are madmen in all religions. their madness must not define their religion.
read the new testament and you will not ask silly questions.
he was not murdering people in the name of christ ....
visit. hateful is alive and active
how do you know he did not believe it was what christianity called him to do ?
the thing in question is not the religion of the attackers, but the motive of the attacks.
many hate groups exist. educate yourself.
he was not a he was a mason.
wrong. go read it. anything else i can help you with ?
documents the exponential increase in hate groups. most are christian.
did not do what christianity commands ; he did the opposite. any more questions ?
what about thou shall not kill ?
i do not deny that. use the same standards for all who kill.
thank you french ahmed merabet for your heroism in fighting terror !
in news we wait maybe they ll speak about him.
how do you know his religion ?
was the policeman really a muslim ?
but only one is a true muslim.
congrats on your tweet !
its your nothing else
both are shit and deserve to get shot.
this just happened to be a random person in front of a terrorist.
thank you. strange how this is relatively silent
thank you megabit for your heroism in fighting terror !
congrats on your tweet !
and he is and definitely a
live feed from scene of standoff between shooting suspects & amp ; police
hope they are not killed. world needs to speak to them.
confirmed flying over area. with registration fa-106 !! rt
another it is season you know
what is all of this really about ?
will build guillotine. happy !!!
. do not read the chat on the live feed. jeez !
never was it more appropriate to say “ f *** ‘ em if they can’t take a joke ” .
you are sounding like an ollie & amp ; not a journo.
i’m still there. so thanks for the insult.
just one group took up arms in offense. who ?
i will take that as an apology.
should be balanced. what makes you think it was not already ?
just com i show respect does not mean i back down.
what makes you think it was not already before rabid intimidation of abc journos ?
odd assumption listening to mark is a pleasure. totally balanced always. perfect example of investigative journo.
yes sure but let is establish who is a no them ' are.
was not disagreeing with your point. just conscious of need to lay blame only where due.
should not be balanced ?
time for every western country 2 stand up & amp ; say .....
time for every western countries 2 stand up & amp ; say ..... ”
negative i veto way of life
. respect and honor our way of life, or get lost.!!..
a swift kick up the al'are and abdul is on his way, back to sand surfing.
they see themselves as the advance scouting parties for the return of the ottoman empire.
u want to say just print the cartoons
respect is always supposed to work both ways. right ?!
and do not let the door hit you in the ass.
world need to pull together stop feeding the monster bits of. stop crippling
finally someone says what everyone is thinking but afraid to say.
best response to the terrorists who attacked , is to republish their cartoons over & amp ; over again
yes i looked at the drawings. is that incorrect ?
because fear paralyzing you be just what the extremists want. fat chance !
as in the case of the interview. one should not be cowed by fear.
it just seemed the wrong time, there is enough anger and hatred out there today.
every race they must be against all humans. that, or they are satires ...
man. drawing can communicate on its own, you should know that.
you are being superficial. just looking and not reading enough to have an informed opinion.
the best response to the terrorists who attacked is to publish their cartoons over camp ; over
putting out fires with gasoline ? not helpful. i am insulted and i do not have a religion
which race are they racist against ?
are you trying to hurt me with this somehow ? are you a baby ? gosh.
my deepest condolences to those in paris & amp ; ! over a cartoon !??... what happened to ?
i would never have stated it betters !! it is very unfortunate
are not to big on freedom of speech apparently.
those animals only believe in freedom of speech if it goes along with their agenda
you must not be familiar with
freedom of speech is not worldwide ...
we are different. historically and culturally that is not a common right.
💔💔 i will follow anyone & amp ; invite everyone to unite & amp ; defend
for all the shit, respect included ! wow !
we all must stand with massacre at
what total bullshit. such a “ limit “ makes freedom of expression meaningless.
since when do we have to respect maniacs. respect must be earned !
are you actively condoning cold blooded murder as an acceptable form of expression ?
sane and silent on inhuman acts does not fit, sir
free no matter how you label it has no limits.
i respect your opinions. and of course you are free to express them. totally.
respect borne of fear for the ideology of murderers ... no thanks. freedom for me
pen is mightier than a gun.
because saner people are silent.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
2 late the religion of peace has already created fear & amp ; will continue 2 do so.
respect is do not call good evil nor evil good !
this type of cruelty not acceptable but such inhuman acts by same faith happening all over !
never condemnation and respect 100%you do not misunderstand me my words all need peace !
for some people , comic is weapons .
the pencil should be mightier than the machine gun
for some comic is weapons. ”
for some comic is weapons. ”
for some comic is weapons. ”
as we speak , with quiet resolve , gazza is loading his car with chicken and a fishing rod and
you win you win !
just seen taking the piss out of a man with a mental illness. nice.
presumably via some populist news channels
is a non-negotiable human right . we condemn the appalling attack on charlie hebdo , and any attempt to silence
we send our thoughts and solidarity to the staff of charlie held.
an eyewitness video shows a gunman shooting a police officer and driving away .
fucking should wipe that scum off the face of the.
so they scream vengeance for mohamed because they are not muslim. right gotcha
just as who claim to be christian but are so only in their own minds
you know ... you may have just stumbled upon our last and only option ...
if we had a leader that was not part of the movement, might b possible.
please publish the cartoons if you do not the muslim terrorists have won this war
faith has never been anything other than something in the person is “ own mind “
almost like a princess conspiracy.
come in and look how it is important to not consider muslim and terrorist the same
whose shoe did he pick up near the passenger door before getting into the car ?
they think they are but no
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
at cafe near . liberation says we are all charlie . parisien says they will not kill liberty/freedom .
but corporate sponsored political correctness streamlined to people via the media keeps the muslim cancer growing in europe.
please ask to deny holocaust too ? will it be a part of freedom of expression ?
listen we love our prophet muhammad peace upon him more than our self stop attacking muslim leaders
get serious about and west is double standards on freedom of speech !
who is the zealot and fanatic ?
liberty should have limits not to attack other people prophets
get serious about and west is double standards on freedom of speech !
so happy to see you along with chris.
we all normal descent ppm are charlie.
only this , today
free speech which is offensive and mocks religious figures ? that is not necessary
its not its free speech. i can repeat all i said if you want.
love is stronger than hate “ rt : only this, today
in a perfect world yes but that will never ever happen
at the same time why give those people ammunition to commit these crimes
free the whole world should have it. very necessary
but it does not seem to be true.
so when these atrocities occur do not complain simple
love is stronger than hate»rt
no it will not but that does not mean people should bow down to what scum want.
rt only today
free speech is free that cartoon wont do any harm. instead condemn the murderers
in what way is this necessary visit every day the media be must provocative
only today ” just unnecessary tba
remember this ? those men died for our right to freedom of speech . do not let that sacrifice be
this is a great day for those who want us to hate each other.
they could have a field day with the guardian and bbc
just a shame freedom of speech is not accepted by islam ?
i wish they would have done it to our complicit media.
freedom of speech using as freedom of spitting dangerous people, is not very intelligent
freedom look it up in the dictionary it covers everything.
no they died for is freedom of speech.
no they did not.
. i think you should tweet a cartoon of mohammad for the sake of that freedom of speech.
i would not mind seeing being chased round a studio with an ak47 wielding islamic madman
. are those poppies because wwi was not fought for free speech.
i think it is just a piss poor comparison, frankly.
why muslims should embrace free speech , even if it includes insults to their prophet
its not an insult to criticism judaism, only to demonize jews. difference
wow. i do not care. we are specifically talking about not derail !
right free speech is especially important when it is the right to insult
read the article first i have addressed all that
call it freedom of speech ?
embrace freedom of insult u mean ?
its kinda pathetic that they need defending from cartoons after all these years- no ?
i did not. read it properly
i never seen any case muslims insult any religions jew, christian or anything
reality check people in most places dehumanize people different to them.
you were the one trying to justify censorship b/c of colonialism
and there are not examples of imagery in muslim countries that dehumanize others ?
you clearly did not read till the end
does need defending ... we did not make it a monopoly of religion, you did.
... or are you just arguing because that is what you like doing all day ?
so you think colonialism made muslims less tolerant of free speech ?
you mean why extremists should.
... but western countries far more tolerant to diversity than arab or even south asian countries
so that makes it ?
we are done here. well done for not reading or understanding
pens aloft . uk mps , peers and parliamentary staff stand in solidarity with the people of france .
you have seen the cartoons ? so you are saying “ i am racist “
from inside a heavily fortified building while cutting armed services elitists
what are you full name and location. happy to send you a letter. dm me.
politics seem to only be `lip service`.
' aloft ' is a stretch. islightly raised ' in forced media opportunity would be more appropriate
would not truss any of ' em with a barge poll.
pity you can not stand with the plight of palestinians.
what about the many journalists who were there ?
what about all the other daily deaths ...?... look caring for elections ?
what about all the journalists who attended ? why have you neglected to mention them ?
pens aloft. with the peopleoffrance.
wonder how many expenses they billed for the pens ?
good point. great to see journalists there too.
if religion — any religion — is off-limits for open debate we are in a very dangerous situation .
maybe wait to see if it is confirmed that religion has anything to do with it ?
no lefty will ever admit that. more muslims in, please ...
just wrote this on held
8 journalists 2 officers 1 janitor 1 visitor victims killed in attack : ( getty )
one police agent this morning
documented false flag shooter secret service intelligence
12 occupation not needed.
may the lord comfort the hearts of all their families. so horrible.
my prayers go out to all families affected by these senseless murders. god have mercy !
rt rt 8 2 officers, 1 janitor, 1visitor. victims killed in attack :
i thought this was the ?
and 3 billion steeple the world over actually believe this giant and obvious two hoaxes ... sad
rt 8 2 officers, 1 janitor, 1visitor. victims killed in attack :
' love is stronger than hate cover . we will not surrender 2 & amp ; .
sorry to say i hate that photo
thus photo is too rude ! you are cunningly inducing more hate !
freedom should come responsible or laws to ensure it
who gunmen jeffrey epstein also in car+trilateral commission
congrats on your tweet !
charlie hebdo : the ‘ them and us ’ narrative is a dangerous downward spiral
wishing had instead said something like this last night re charlie hello :
the in group sociological obstacle is alive and well thanks to you !! 😁
depends which in history u look at.
and the ambiguity about dealing with this real threat is down to thinkers like you.
exactly find common grounds not gaps
true. i was referring more to the “ us “ and “ them “ rhetoric.
held the ‘ them and us ’ narrative is a dangerous downward spiral ”
, mourning victims while 1000s killed in by forces .
perfect visual example of hypocrisy !
killed in don bass by russian terrorists !
how can he live with this
true and tragedies should not be forgotten. the world is blind, def and mute !
a textbook example of hypocrisy ...
forget 0 interest to odessa tragedy
it is like we are watching the emperor wearing no clothes, what has the world become !!
thats great there is a court in the hague - for such criminals as you are !
oven pigs are exploiting someone else is tragedy now
mourning defenders of free speech in france while he destroys free speech in ukraine. fucking hypocrite
pictures released of suspect believed to holding hostages at a kosher grocery in
pictures released of suspect believed to holding hostages at a kosher grocery in ”
releasing info surely that others in cells can use is dangerous ????
oh god rt pictures released of suspect believed to holding hostages at a kosher grocery in
another brainwashed puppet due to end his days not as a martyr, but as a murderous criminal.
my thoughts and prayers with hostages, their families and all those trying to help them
why broadcasting live police movements on live television ?
pictures released of suspect believed to holding hostages at a kosher grocery in ”
like for find his family. crap like this taking advantage of democracy.
i will hazard a guess he is an islamist and now that makes me an islamaphobe.
second hostage situation unfolding at paris grocery store
second hostage situation unfolding at paris grocery store
second hostage situation unfolding at paris grocery store ”
yes they must have terrorist cells
oh no second hostage situation unfolding at paris grocery store ”
second hostage situation unfolding at paris grocery store ”
the religion of peace strikes again
gt bastards trying to dominate france
when freedom is attacked , stand up , stand together , and stand strong . ignorance , evil , stupidity
loves you for what you said !!!!!
well said. just ridiculous what happened.
well brother. this kind of sh*t saddens me, especially for my kids.
it is at such times that i wonder what will be of a world so ignorant ...
glad to see that we are not alone facing this disaster. thanks matthew
exactly. i wish every adult realized they are responsible for setting a good example.
glad to see that we are not alone facing this disaster. thanks linden
thank you for thank you
thousands tweeting in support of .
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
what can we do to make this violence stop ?
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody
rt thousands tweeting in support of.
and will not even call it terrorism.
thousands tweeting in support of. ” we r all charlie today !!!
" screw your hashtag solidarity "
just like terrorists will carry on with barbarity independent of hash tag activism.
where is the love for the new egyptian pres ?
dear sir. the hash tags activist can admire how caring they are by using punctuation.
screw your hash tag solidarity “ (by)
playwright of corpus “ sentenced to death by uk shariah court in 1999 :
rt screw your hash tag solidarity “
any idea how to make these cowards stand up and be counted ? maybe # helps the frustration !
finally a man with the nuts to stand up against these fucking pussies !!
mt screw your hash tag solidarity “ cc
a dark day for freedom of expression , an appalling human tragedy .
a dark day for freedom of expression, an appalling human tragedy. ”
a dark day for freedom of expression, an appalling human tragedy. ”
thanks so much for sharing. just added it to my
a dark day for freedom of expression, an appalling human tragedy. ”
a dark day for freedom of expression, an appalling human tragedy. ”
did occur for freedom of expression, an appalling human tragedy. ”
a dark day for freedom of expression, an appalling human tragedy. ”
its too much for the families and friends who lost their dear ones
if there is he could say a bit more
a dark day for freedom of expression, an appalling human tragedy. ”
we have reached peak stupid
for the sake of my blood pressure, i am forced to ask : is this a parody ?
why would not the let one of their creations go offs ? lol
i take it you believe in nothing, you have nothing to explain the universe or its origin ?
the bridge go through his empty head ?
i do not even ... rt : we have reached peak stupid
which man made ghost in particular ? haha
i fear we have yet to see the high water mark.
really can you point any examples of tolerant and equitable countries riven by terrorism and radicalism ?
i do not recall reports of socrates or any of his subsequent followers beheading people for not agreeing
quite the opposite a truly equitable and tolerant society is what destroys radicalism.
anyone suspected of peak stupid, indeed
so you like the prejudices ?
if that is not then i do not know what is.
never say things like that ! people take it as a challenge !
not sure what that say about the ridiculous notion of diminishing human right to fight fascism ?
we have many example inequality and intolerance leading an escalation in strife.
used to follow his damon and accepted views of oracles, was he not wise ?
and here is the paper “ sound familiar ?
yep. exactly what fundamentalists and jihads need to take a full victory.
that was when authoritarians who scapegoated ethnic groups during an economic depression were in power ?.
so you accept that all communities attempt to tyrannize thought and you like yours more than theirs ?
regardless of any penalty “ jeeeeezzz ....
of any penalty ' - i thought we were meant to be a decent, humane country !
the has hate speech laws and it has a law against treason which includes plotting.
point me to a tolerant and equitable country. none exist that i have seen.
i would like to aspire to be as wise as socrates. would not you ?
that is an unproven assumption that flies in the face of history and human nature.
you prefer your fascism to theirs, is that correct ?
they did not want to be ruled by a tyrant, and he executes them.
would support revoking his human rights after reading this.
think we hit peak stupid in 2010.
all communities try to tyrannize thought.
many of his pupils became tyrants, critics for example executed many athenians.
the men behind the cartoons at charlie hebdo
the useless people the men behind the cartoons at charlie held ”
holly book is been written in ink on papyrus // not on blood
so these are the men behind the incident of throwing a burning match into dry bushes.
held attack suspects spotted at petrol station north of paris
rt the men behind the cartoons at charlie held
attempts to extend blame for this to all muslims should be treated with the same disgust as attempts to justify
there must be knowing these criminals. will they talk ?
when will we see mass protests from moderate ' muslims against these killings ? i think highly unlikely
not sure about that anymore ... there is something about the religion that is driving people towards terrorism
of course. but the solution of doing nothing is not working.
then every needs to stand up and say that and stop being silent
most people are blaming mad extremists
are good people and they should find, fight and condemn killers.
it is crazy. video footage will back such claims ...
can we at least assume that these murderers demand and expect the support of all muslims ?
the people tweeting from the scene of the attack
the people tweeting from the scene of the attack ”
where is the tweet by gone ? i see the last one as dated 23 dec !
not the most appropriate answer to these morons rather re tweet their cartoons which speak louder than tweets
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
crowds gather around the world in solidarity with victims
not many or there. wonder why.
where was this when was bombing and causing genocide of innocent palestinians
crowds gather around the world in solidarity with victims ”
terroristic acts serve only to strike fear on any opposition to the totalitarian fascist islamic political movement
one naturally wonders how many moderate ' muslims are in these crowds, angrily denouncing terrorism.
and how do these protests stop/prevent/hinder global islamic expansion
crowds gather around the world in solidarity with victims ”
where are the candle brigade in india ?
they will be back at dissing by friday.
every should print the to show the can not defeat us !!! -
if you are not condemning the ideology that killed 12 at , your sympathy does not mean shit . support
anders brain was and he killed 77 people. but ..... okay ??
it is relevant if it is why they are doing it !
yeah i know besides equating muhammad to allah would be shirk.
which oddly seems very racist to me given the size and composition of islam
pretty fucking simple. you can deny all you want though.
communist infiltrated rt oh communism ... yuck ! fair point.
kitchens ....
i agree. but also do not tell them they are deranged, delusional, or moronic.
well enjoy your sloganeering and your day. i have had enough here.
so you agree that new atheism shares absolutism with religion ?
only after they have killed someone ok ?
there is a wide rage of mental illnesses. not just bipolar.
that is racist ... according to glenn greenland and ben affect.
when it is white they only do it because “ mental instability “
and neither can you. which is the point being made.
will not condemn as islam did not kill.
that is a very dangerous assertion & amp ; diminishes mental instability/illness.
funny how that is not it ?
you do not agree with god you worship him, that is how.
affect not even a good actor
it says verses in the book ... nothing about mohammad.
has affect is opinion changed at all since that appearance ? have not heard anything since.
i do not have access to their psychiatric records, so i can not make that call.
so u think that devout religious imams etc r all right in the head ?
religion is a mental instability.
yes. and his religion was mentioned !
no one hides the fact that xians attack abortion clinics.
confusing racist with “ bigoted “ and changing definitions to meet your needs.
it is studying real islam reveals a very twisted and sad religion
when they get to the new atheist place of worship i will
that is your opinion, man[and merriam-webster is. but never mind that now]
me neither. do not think so.
it does not. it highlights what deranged beliefs can do if left addressed
i think he was joking.
they will call you racist !
sounds a pretty thought to me that.
is faith really delusion or just faith about a deity delusion ?
oh it is always white people to blame hey.
if you call them mad or sick you relive them of their responsibility
i do not think you understand how it works very well
you talk to you are religions. god talks to you, you are psychotic. -house
no confusion on my part. bigotry & amp ; racism are synonyms.
guess your history books did not include the communist revolutions then.
is the simple stop teaching religion ?
can you guys until me from this discussion please ?
but i have yet to see an atheist kill someone for their beliefs
they are not. the definitions are almost entirely different.
faith is faith. religion is a whole other thing, and it is religion that kills not faith
but only atheists claim it proves the inherent evil of xtianity
. not a tough decision. i will be against those who support death for cartoonists and apostates.
whereas atheists seem to be in agreement w xians on the “ inherent evil “ of islam ...
oh you should check yours if that is what you have read.
that is what i get for « multitasking » - just doing two things badly
including the religion of atheism ?
tell your fellow new atheists that, many missed the memo.
sloganeering but still true. have a good day
same intent for all. isolated ? mohammad is ass !
you would not say that to be religious is to be .... oh, bipolar, would you ?
who do they worship as non believers ?
better medicate them all out of it then. problem solved
basically you have just stated everyone who thinks differently than you is deranged.
your racism is pretty funny too
i absolutely can. killing for virgins & amp ; heaven = mental illness.
checks world history book * yup, pretty much
oh communism ... yuck fair point.
in exactly the same way as when christian nutters attack abortion clinics.
without question. how is that different ?
no. they agree with them.
from paris to : answer with .
what about the in gaza every day !!!!!!!
you people are incorrigible. are not you ?
this is everything i believe in “ : from paris to : answer with. ”
thank you i love you ♥♥♥
not the best timed or best judged tweet rt : from to : answer with.
these pricks lost their rights a long time ago.
crazy people out there blaming religion. no religious accepts this torture. god helps the victims
remember this rt from paris to : answer with. ”
it would have been nice to take them alive but it feels good that they’re dead .
gagged since 25 years by the press for breaking the silence on corruption
i wonder how they are finding those virgins in paradise ?
i can not answer that question '. sorry low
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
it does save a lot of taxpayers money if these evil people are killed.
today is cover on houellebecq : " in 2022 i will observe ramadan "
rt today is cover on houellebecq : “ in 2022 i will observe ramadan “
fuck. this takes irony to stratospheric proportions
istupidity will not win ' , says surviving charlie hebdo journalist who confirms to that newspaper will come out next
do you have a link to confirmation that it will be released ??
over 65k twitter users show solidarity with french satirical magazine
i hope gets the vermin
over twitter users show solidarity with french satirical magazine
a to the form 🔀
done i may not always agree but i will defend your right to express your point of view
rt over twitter users show solidarity with french satirical magazine
beer strips amp ; gets booed at fashion rocks 2014 nyfw
reader comment : " our strength comes from unity , our freedom from expression "
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
morn with protest never journalist rhere2 stay.
publish a charlie hebdo cartoon : show them the pen will still flourish when their guns have rusted
clicking a link 59 seconds after you have posted it is impossible ! you internet breaker, you
from cartoons to .... hand gestures ? shrugs ? dirty looks ?
......... you did not publish a cartoon !!
passive a la inflammatory ?
because in your culture it is ok ?
here is will is excellent cartoon. for cartoonists everywhere,
the freedom to offend without deadly reprisals is the only ' culture ' anyone should be interested in.
i’d rather do this free speech after all.
the artwork may not be the pinnacle of free speech but the artists certainly are.
will just buy new guns !
of but i asked why you thought these cartoons were regarded as the pinnacle of free speech
your opinion offends me ... i would never expect you not to express it.
proliferating broadly rhetoric only reinforces their recruitment narrative and builds support for terrorism.
what difference does that make ?
sexuality is not a a religious belief system is.
curious. do people have the choice to be offended ?
like this one this masterful piece of ‘ satire ’ ? are you sure ?
pardon my language but fuck them
i think you just would yourself, sir
fascists could not possibly identify with charlie held. or private eye.
better to die a man than live as a coward.
are there enough bullets if everyone publishes a cartoon ? let’s see.
shooting the cartoonist elevated the cartoons ' status.
publish show them the pen will still flourish when their guns have rusted ”
way to defend atrocities ... well done
attack shows ‘ a complete change in terrorist methods ' , french fm tells me
you amp your “ liberalism “ is evil
activists seriously ? shame on you.
activists good woman.
so did you finally realize terrorists are not ' activists ' ?
really what part of dose briefs did you skip sir ?
do not you mean activists ? “
you referred to them as ' activists '. and bill ayers is a boy scout, right ?
i thought they were activists ?
what do you mean with this “ terrorist “ ? are not they activists ?
we miss you at ....
new times caught scrubbing details about paris jihad terrorist attack
attack shows a complete change in terrorist methods ', french fm tells me & gt ;
. i am sure he means “ activist “, not terrorist, right ?
folks ease up on it is like punching a blind person. her brain is toast.
loved your reference terrorists in paris as ' activists'nice and always safe eh ?
more than the terrorist , its people like who are blot on the society .
hie. matter lost ...
he is a hypocrite and coward.
is a sold out to the goat herding arabs ...
a double faced hypocrite monkey. different standards for different things ... shame on you.
and when goats are not available, arabs & amp ; sheikhs use 4 pleasure
law of karma will catch him with apt end for him.
how fucking ass hole this man has become. even trying to justify this barbaric act
some thrown out from are out to settle score with it by licking traitors. keep it up
person who have no faith in his religion is like a terrorist.
is a fraud of first order !!! shame !
they must be so proud as individuals
say it not so rt : a closet commie
because no1 thought allowing 1000s of euro jihadis to cross to & amp ; get trained & amp ; radicalized
chickens coming back to roast. its funny sometimes how payback is dealt.
terrorist attack 2004 and many others.
often seemed exaggerated to promote other interests. this is real.
a taste of things to come. will unnerve a lot of european governments.
. and the rebels “ now have sophisticated gear in europe
charity is beautiful. but not when someone else is paying.
and they are own liberal immigration policies.
. sophisticated machine lots more to come as france helps usa destroy me
opening the embassy firing holland we be a start
this still pales in comparison to madrid and london, to be fair.
but i do in principle agree with u, that risk is now significantly greater than before syria/iraq quagmire
is going to bear the brunt of islamic terror thanks to america
the truth of supporting jihadists in syria has not been told enif by journos !
had for decades brought back heavy weapons from bosnia back in the 90s for a start
there had in very serious attempts which simply failed & amp ; + madrid & amp ; london
because these attacks did not exist pre-syrian civil war ?
there had in 2 attempts 2 kill danish cartoonist +many terror plots were foiled throughout years
ask and if they want to send weapons to french rebels ???
with the happy family less amsterdam jihadists fighters ’ abroad.
oh , and the cover of today is edition of charlie hebdo mocked michel houellebecq for writing an islamophobic novel
this is a matter of opinion and general take on things too
they want to see a gesture of solidarity with people who were killed for their work.
i do not think it is illegitimate to find their work racially offensive, even if it is complicated
that is often the response when people are killed for their work.
that is an interesting interpretation of his views.
tricky distinction a broadly anti-racist publication that used gross racial caricatures.
they were unsparing in their attacks on capital-r racists such as the national front ...
i think the right to mock is important, but not through a racist medium.
would not object to anyone saith their cartooning style. vs message, is racially offensive)
what happened was my heart breaks for them and their families. but i would not romanticism
it’s quite clear that actually admires islam.
should now admires it. )
discriminating. i think they are offensive. i also said i still support their foe
mocking religious piety is always a good thing ! they have bishops buggered by hookers too.
it is a distasteful given to easy stereotype, a guilty pleasure for french hippie left.
his work like most everyone is. freedom of speech works both ways.
do i have to endorse their work because they were killed for it ?
cc they even took on people who were islamophobic and you branded them racist ! shameful
guess now there is reason to be phobic and fearful of islam
calling for reactionary publication of cartoons that stereotype & amp ; profile is still a bad idea.
but looking at the support in germany and sweden. sane voices are there ...
their meaning is often lost without french political context. but right to offend is important
would you consider people who call for the publication of these cartoons with no understanding
several mosques in france allegedly attacked after the massacre :
i do not give a shit about your lives like you do not give a shit about ours
mosques in allegedly attacked after massacre : ” senseless
good about time stopped the extremists themselves. peaceful religions do not need ak47s
what does that mean allegedly attacked ?
yeah that is the important thing huh
are you keeping count of how many synagogues have * actually * been attacked the last few years ?
level them reduce mosques now. regulate islam now. action required.
nuance fuck just tell me which group it is cool to hate.
sad several mosques in france allegedly attacked after the massacre : ”
your argument is stupid bye
several mosques in france allegedly attacked after the massacre : ”
ban of margins now ?
sad several mosques in france allegedly attacked after the massacre :
in a mosque was allegedly attacked. turned out to be kitchen fire not arson.
when free speach die , we die . all thoughts to who on this issue wrote " love is stronger
true love is stronger than hate
that is not excuse for violence against journalists, but the contact should not be insulting/provocative.
the freedom of speech should not be used to show the supremacy of west ideology against other ideologies.
totally agree. free speech is a human right !
democracy is not an it is a guarantee against dictatorship.
the brutal terrorist attack on charlie hebdo is an assault on freedom everywhere via
itself is assault to freedom
do we actually know the attack had islamic purpose ? nobody seems to know why it happened
you are free to do what you want but you must face the consequences.
one guy is brother had connections. totally possible that this was religious, but not certain
rt the brutal terrorist attack on charlie held is an assault on freedom everywhere
it is rt the brutal terrorist attack on charlie held is an assault on freedom everywhere via
the brutal terrorist attack on charlie held is an assault on freedom everywhere via ”
can i have a re tweet for freedom sake so ??
what about is crimes of war ? the 2 thousand civilians they killed last year ?
religion is like herpes best kept to yourself.
talk is cheap. print the cartoons
they are victims of their own act. why they disrespected islam ?
the brutal terrorist attack on charlie held is an assault on freedom everywhere via ”
indeed ... the brutal terrorist attack on charlie held is an assault on freedom everywhere via ”
reported that he brothers involved had prior terrorism convictions no good to deny it was a terrorist act
violence can not stop basic human rights . my thoughts go out to everyone affected by this tragedy .
lovely but i do not think charlie would like a non-white hand on their homage.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
thank you it means a lot to us.
the building of 1 of the biggest tv channels in germany ( berlin ) today . we are with you
the fact that you all are with us make us stronger
can not see the doing this they are too busy appeasing
it is not a channel, it is the publisher axes sprinter.
thanks for your it is just amazing, nous somme charlie. france loves you. ✨🇫🇷
breaking : four explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris : reuters reporter
d rt breaking : four explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris : reuters reporter
rt breaking four explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris : reuters reporter ”
breaking four explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris : reuters reporter ”
breaking four explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris : reuters reporter ”
pray breaking four explosions heard at site of hostage-taking in eastern paris : reuters reporter ”
in case you are confused … ( via )
in case you are confused … (via) ”
and both of this are catholics
media have repeatedly said it is not confirmed he was a muslim.
in case you are confused … (take 2)
just praying for the people is safety in france !! world global religion news
in case you are confused … (via) ”
a million copies of charlie hebdo will be published on wednesday
sky wizard wow. worth my breath)
i pray for 1,000,000 affair deaths
really. let is just keep poking the dog w a stick
my mistake then. apologies.
last time. read it again. slowly.
really tho overall if ppm actually respected ppm the world could avoid a lot of tragedies/massacres
awesome a million copies of charlie held will be published on wednesday ”
and even the moderate “ islamist is to blame, because they are enabling the extremists.
read my tweet again. not what i said dumb ass.
a million copies of charlie held will be published on wednesday ” disturbing
respect should be earned. extremist terrorist make islam look bad.
you said it papers with insults) gets people killed. no ?
a million copies of charlie held will be published on wednesday ”
we can not cave in to terrorists. what do we have if we do not have freedom ?
they are insane. this is what gets ppm killed.
what gets people is killed are uneducated assholes who believe in a sky wizard and kill for it.
in support of freedom of expression through words , not bullets
one needs to know the difference between freedom of speech and hate speech.
in support of freedom of expression through words, not bullets sews charlie
congrats on your tweet !
thanks tan it means a lot for us 👊
in support of freedom of expression through words, not bullets ”
today is newspapers all over europe are relaying the shock of attack . more here -
but not one has dared to re-print the cartoons in solidarity.
imagine the thousands of muslims living in france whose lives will never be the same after today .
you do not have to worry about them, allah is with them.
what is the matter there if i may ask please ?
and you know the most dangerous thing for minority groups is a bunch of terrified anglo-saxon, judeo-christians.
i wish people would wait until they catch and identify them before they go off
where have you been ? it was not the same since the nina ban,
if your religion is worth killing for , please start with yourself .
a real one with the deepest thoughts !! deserves rt !
stop making excuses for terrorists . tweeted this before christmas and there will be no avenging jesus .
oh offs that is all we need, another bloody religious war on the horizon !
terrorists are fanatics who seek to avenge insults of muhammad w/violence are paying no heed to the koran.
on the horizon initiated a religious war w/ the slaughter of. not the other way
one thing you can always rely on with pc brigade. arrogance, ego and pomposity in abundance.
so go amp stop it.
so basically you are saying only muslims have the capability of shouting “ allah akbar “ ?
maybe the gunmen were christian fundamentalists.
read the bullshit for the next few weeks, then chum
we are down the “ white supremacist “ path from you pompous pillocks already ?
sounds about right to these ears !
who is making excuses for terrorists, jonathan ?
i am sure you need directions to the nearest loony bin. turn left at the squiggle
cue the ' lone wolf ' brigade
maybe not the best choice of words.
not my job friend. i just have an opinion is all.
... how about everyone just chill the fuck out ?
utterly disgusting . blaming free speech and berlin protests for attack on
they also support terrorist in syria, no surprise there ...
how journalists can state that must apologize for their challenging content is beyond belief
doing the same ch was “ brazen and provocative “.
said faith can move mountains. you say it is claustrophobic sickness. who should i believe ?
they and is rt crap.
we can always start another hash tag.
some people keep telling me the news is very good and balanced.
. the enlightenment red the power of liberating ideas vs the claustrophobic sickness of perfect faith.
live video coverage on their site.
are they i just went on the website and could not see that
still continuing with their veiled questions “ do you think they crossed a line in their satire “
listen to live video coverage on their site.
no matter what or muslims have to play the victim.
is a jihad payroll paper
are good at making things appear balanced. polished british accents tend to do that.
media obsesses over free speech for while ignoring israeli targeting journalists
yeah they throw rocks through wind shields, stab and run over people at train stations
follow or pervert the truth so one can sleep at night ?
depends what you mean by bias.
... i went to the premiere. it was very tough to watch.
to is door by haas firing rockets and refusing to recognize israel is right to exist
i forgot about all that stuff the if does
kills kids or do you need reminding ?
terrorists come in all shapes & amp ; sizes & amp ; religions, including jewish.
it is been fun.
you can not really beat the testimony of someone who was actually there.
obviously. that is why i thought you should be reminded.
wait ... targeting journalists ? he died while pa forces tried to defuse an unexplored ordinance ...
what about threatening journalists for their reporting from gaza during last conflict ?
good for you. i do not respect anyone, even elders, who pervert the truth.
mike some of us actually followed what was going on.
very true. extremists of all beliefs and sizes. but to call an unexplored bomb targeting is dumb
and not by rockets fired by haas that fell short and landed in gaza ?
one and need i remind you where they place launchers ? schools. hospitals.
it was someone who understood the bigger picture. she is made a film actually ...
attack will be biased no matter what ? it is human nature.
i followed people there. in fact i even met a one journalist who lived through it.
i wonder why firing rockets and refusing to recognize israel ?
probably. but watch it. i am old enough to be your mum.
the only murdered journalists were killed by
pinpointing cartoon artists and editors and pulling the trigger is targeting. you guys are morons.
here are some short profiles of the four cartoonists who were killed yesterday at charlie hebdo :
. ... some consider hate speech. we all need to exercise restraint at times.
what 14 british muslims think about the charlie hebdo attack
what do the victims think ?
what 14 myself) think about the attack via
so asking the moderates makes it all ok then ? all religion is poison.
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
yeah it is unjust deaths these were.
what 14 muslims think about the charlie held attack ”
the 2011 issue of charlie hebdo , whose cover featured mohammed .
worrisome. any idea why no one is trending
i can not comment on that com i do not understand the language.
goons too broke a few window panes. look, they are all the same
only fools do comment on subjects they do not understand !
now ask amp to make movie based on what exactly written in korean
what is common between jams bond and religion of peace ? license to kill. .
it is cute. seems a happy sort.
the 2011 issue of charlie held, whose cover featured mohammad. “
i fail to comprehend if this pic is really worth 11 precious lives ?
madam are you justifying the attack ? shamful
. you re tweeted that ? what is the message you want to give ?
what does this mean do not understand french.
challenge if you can respond. now everyone has understood who is fool ?
will radar declare tax free in up ?
hope you understand the languages i have written.
be careful now. followers of religion of peace will be after you now.
faking news should publish articles like this against all religions
u might get shot at or beheaded for hurting sentiments of piss full pis slims
proud of ndtv for upholding india is secular credentials ! nidhi razdan : " notorious french magazine attacked by armed
obviously she a got a softcorner4them. nothing new
logs far maa-baap or batch se raise ankh pilate hie ?
she just said terrible magazine “
she must be thankful to hindus all her life # ethicslessjournalism
terrorists have no religion right @ hdtv
wow. her cert for being a secular gets renewed for life.
there is no clear link between herself and logic then
notorious midi radar upholding the secular credentials of hdtv. 72 virgins guaranteed
french muslims condemn the charlie hebdo shooting
wrong. a lot of french twitter accounts are celebrating this event.
frankly just as i do not think it is appropriate to offend someone in a # society.
you do not believe who ? the muslims who condemn that attack ?
i saw that ignorance is real
so there is a true problem with this religion and/or culture
as a i never celebrated any death. i even prayed for bin laden is soul
problems always with the person who creates it
no reports on that yet. an explosion was heard near a “ kebab shop “ too.
oh wow that is bad. any casualties ?
3 grenades were thrown at a mosque earlier today.
condemn the charlie held shooting ”
it is still a minority of the total number of muslims
condemn the charlie held shooting ” ❤️
they will kill who get into their way.
how to prevent from obeying radical ? read here :
a kebab is a not a shop. please send me the sources
it is the job of the majority to stop their minority then. not ours.
if that was there would be no idiots in any religion.
thank you mister now can you repeat this in arabic please ?
if this was against or jews there would be a huge uproar.
it has nothing to do with religion. they would not be killing other muslims if it was.
paris terrorist was radicalized by bush’s iraq war , abu ghraib torture
whites only race using nuclear bombs tho where the others doing this ?
rt terrorist was radicalized by bush’s iraq war, abe fried torture
then cut the obscenities amp ; say clearly what u mean !
bad comes in all colors but right here ? crackers taking the lead low
i am done. with this b.s.
nonsense. name a single terrorist without a legitimate and stated political grievance.
your race has existed because of it is abhorrent treatment of people of color
the evil that men do has long reaching consequences ! evil spawns more evil ! never forget
damned if we damned if we do not.
the arrogant criminals never do !
white people look what they doing to these people
o i crackers means white ppm ? ” yup whip crackers
they making people of color do acts they do not normally participate in
. this is the world on liberalism, moron.
i haven killed anyone i am furious whites will not comprehend their role in this
o i crackers means white ppm ?
what are you talking about ? please explain and be a little relax if you can !
i understand your anger the strong wrestle anger to the ground. & amp ; emerge stronger !
what due crackers mean ? i do not understand african/american slang ?
nothing humanly normal about being racist, result of systemic dehumanization !
racism comes from also destroying giza and the pyramids because blacks built it
do not know what u mean, so asking was done u mean ?
racism has even permitted religion saudi arabia is africa
u r wrong giant & amp ; pyramids are still there, islam is anti racism
not all white nor all black ppm, nor all ppm r savage,
where the nights inventing bigger guns ?
i used to be an apologist for islam. not anymore. islam is evil.
what about targeting property rather than people ? line blurred ?
helping the to fight is legitimate cause. not butchering into. people with other beliefs like
where are these imaginary people who are not white starting all the chaos ?
i am cool bred but yo not everyone is so understanding hence collateral damage
where are you talking about ? what is legitimate in your opinion ?
this picture of crackers is self explanatory
whites always like it was not me “
i am non white survivor of apartheid, i am muslim, i understand your anger.
but that is because you are the one who will be tuned in the cross hairs
if those silly wars did not happen they would have found something else to blame. lame excuse
' and as an excellent patsy. they really know who to frame.
those persons committing these crimes where born and raised in france, where they learned.
no one is all bad but goddamn white people complicit to white supremacy like a much
conquest have prevented from acknowledging it is african home and roots
genocidal invasions occupations of terror r war crimes !
this is why the world fucked up because you do not know what the fuck i mean low
i thought you were being a normal racist
if your faith is not strong enough to cope with satirical poke , it ought not be strong enough to
and there you go with the link to a particular religion. like clockwork !
and definitely not strong enough to make you believe in it.
do you feel the same way about the things we have done over there ?
of course he knows. his faith is that strong !
what is it that is strong enough to induce us/uk/israeli troops to slaughter thousands ? scepticism ?
that unless a tenet of that faith is to kill those who poke fun at it
you seem to know who did it
questions will surely be asked as to why there was no armed guards outside the offices
cartoonist promises to draw mohamed every day for the rest of the year
such very wow.
having a laugh at any faith is not racism you idiot !!! insensitive maybe racist not !
. what daft sheep you are .... more cartoons to provoke more hatred ...
sir ply by doing the was we r trying to build us hate been societies on basis of religion
but freedom of speech dost mean to abuse sum1 religion, cast, color or the family
. staff were not innocent of provocation but murdered french police were !
stood for white supremacy victims, and white speech. and this cartoonist does the same
. no deliberately provocative cartoons = no deaths ... simple ! psychos !
boy you sir completely echo my sentiments. * doffs cap *
' cartoons provoke hatred!!'pathetic!! again my opinion.
. you are to as icebergs were to the.
. the cartoons were drawn to deliberately provoke racism ..... and you, , support that ?
better kill yourself because our type freedom is not fucking going anywhere.
i would like to see viz draw him. put him in their next fat slags ' story.
then you do not know what fucking freedom is.
more innocent people being killed. what is your excuse for them today then !!
by them i mean the murdering scumbags who use religion as an excuse to get their own way
violence will never quash free speech in the west. these animals have to realism this
exactly. already blocked them for their cowardice and stupidity. terrorist sympathizer
good one go on !
finally. someone not afraid to stand up for free speech
innocent men were murdered in the name of satire. freedom of speech should never ever be punished.
i support free speech along with most normal people.
. does know that you support deliberately provoking violent reactions ?
awesome : next issue of will have 1 million copy run , up from 30,000 circulation .
that would be a good reason put france into flames of hatred.
that is the way to beat unpopular ideologies !
shameful killers will never win they are a few, we are many,
how do i get one on canada.
stand in solidarity with fight for free speech. buy this t-shirt now
the good that will come out of the killings ! and not what the radical islamist wanted.
video of attacking charlie hebdo hq in paris
they take the time it seems. making own video ?
horrifying video of attacking charlie held hq in paris ”
video of attacking charlie held hq in paris ”
this one is terrifying watch via : video of the attack at
where do i click to watch ?
clearly heard. rt “ : video of attacking ”
thank rice amp ; crew for enabling today’s terrorist attack in paris
call me foolish but this girl holding hiding her face , in a ghostly looking made me cry
lot of courage and heart. favorite photo in a long while.
not foolish at all.
no need for those first four words. really touching. brave woman.
courage use mt : … girl holding, hiding her face, in a ghostly looking ”
hiding her face or that takes courage to do.
. you are not foolish. not this week. weeping is allowed.
it is ppm have to beg for our help
congrats on your tweet !
this is what i call bravery.
a sad sad day for journalism but now we are all please retweet and show our support
you follow or you are charlie ?
please help fund this documentary against religious homophobia in
help end world hunger make the traveling food pantry vision become a reality.
amidst 100s gathered as close to office as we can get … france observes silence … notre dame bells ring
they are responsible for hurting emotions and feelings of large part of humanity and doing it continuously.
promote amp ; magnify terror based on lies
too bad they can not protect themselves with a gun. see what happens liberals ? 💔
complete lack of condemnation of mass murder from certain parts of humanity rings loud in my ears
bet those citizens wish they had american weapons
where is is official condemnation of the events ?
i very well understand the different approach to solutions. important to have universal brotherhood for peace
for mentioning the note dame de paris x caroline
killing will not stop in as much as there is people who do not have human feeling.
get to show the cartoons as a statement for free speech
every newspaper should publish a free issue of so we can all see the reason 12 people have died today
three nut job terrorists cost 12 people their lives - not an issue of a paper.
instigate things in name of freedom of press ...
i do not feel comfortable causing offense myself but i defend others ' right to do exactly that.
they but use the cover insulting catholics instead
says it will avenge attack by shutting down jihadi websites
the fact that queen has a magazine you can get is ridiculous. good luck to.
just like what they did to the kkk. i am totally for it.
brothers are dead open season on all jihadists
anonymous jumping into the now things are cooking'!
nice if they could blow the shit out of the jihadists
wow. we are entered the age of cuber war.
in case you are confused
unfortunately i do not know any 5 year old jokes 😝
the cop is name was ahmed megabit
and you should go talk to your ...... oh wait
not sure the is him one of the police killed was muslim
i always fit my jokes to fit the mentality of the viewer. bye.
got your rant out of your system now, or wanna write a few more replies 😘😍
. unfortunately ... everything is wrong about this situation
. the world we live in today - it is all wrong
i love making the same jokes as 12 year old
has it been confirmed that he is muslim ?
i really do not like the idea of publicizing the poor man is dying moments everywhere, though.
i get angry when i am proven wrong too
just curious if anyone is confirmed it or if it is an assumption.
did you see there are cranks already claiming this is fake footage ?
developing : paris on high terrorist alert after shooting - hollande
have not they been always on high alert ?
more relevant than ever .
more hash tags more its hmm mm !
we already have enough suicide bombers
if it is you have not read it properly !
the sad part is they do that with a bomb around them in a crowd
they already do. they bomb themselves first.
they misinterpret it and blow the bomb in a crowd
true that. wish there were no religions to start with.
how indicative of a profound fragility of any faith is the impulse to murder anyone who mocks it .
any faith and which one -- again -- was this ? again !
is not a faith. it is a fascistic political ideology using claim of religion as trojan horse
good article on why we are not all charlie hebdo . … via and
i thought the article was aimed at folk like ap for self censorship, leaving ch exposed
business first then pleasure ... and until i win. it is all fucking business.
brilliant article. made me stop just hitting rt and made me reread.
perhaps we should aspire to be him instead
all i have to do is hit a target am close ... i can smell it ...
it certainly explains one is throbbing appendage fucking sadly.
going about your everyday letting amoral thugs change behavior is as courageous, mark.
indeed. just saw a fox news ‘ journalist ’ claim the title. er, no.
well here is to your win being everyone is win
this is cuts through all the self pitying sanctimonious crap on twitter at the moment
love is stronger than hate
it is a drawing my friend, a drawing does not have a personality.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
get the cover on the front page of all our newspapers tomorrow . solidarity triumphs evil . like paper beats
none of the papers will have the bottle.
love that paper always beats rock.
sad bitch is that all you can say about all the people that have lost their lives !?
no before she starts talking white
in the meantime why do not you put one in your front window.
see sometimes u do say the right thing !!! 👍
will not be happening in the uk
any paper that does not republish motions deserves contempt and cannot be said to uphold journalistic values.
and no mainstream ran mohammad cartoons - violence already winning in uk
contempt is one thing barbaric murder is another - it mocked all religions and had freedom of expression
they are already censoring it. fucking shimmies
and ignore it ever happened ? fear of offending islam ?
now that is a suggestion that should be an absolute no-brainer. let is kill prejudice fatty x
do not hold your this is modern britain nowadays !
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris including a child ( r ) . photo thomas samson
several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris including a child (r) . photo thomas samson
great coverage. be safe.
it usually means to the right “ of the photo.
rt several hostages freed at jewish supermarket in paris including a child (r) . photo thomas samson
what is the r in brackets mean ? usually it means republican ...
that girl with that cellphone seriously does not give a damn
hundreds of muslims in sweden celebrate terrorist attack on charlie hebdo in france shouting , “ islam will take over
not if re tweets of photos videos !
oh yes i forgot about him sorry lynda, he is cameron bro though
maybe 0. of blacks understand that. what about 11. 5% ??
a severe price will be paid for appeasement and coddling these animals
this make me sick and liberals around the world have their head in the sand !
people have weak people stop caring, people get self centered
they were. and will be again.
a growing one. considering how demo fail them.
so would they died with our previous generation of politicians
where it as a badge of honor !! no shame in standing up for one is country ...
was in few months ago, things are not that bad as rest of europe
should be tried for treason
where the hell are ours ???
yeah just like keeps on advertising
only if you agree to a segregated and hijack wedding low
democrats treat blacks like political lawn jockeys.
we lost them to two world wars our breeding stock was decimated.
.... i heard that it been o calls him “ mud up bro ? “ 😉
so make that scum a martyr before he makes you !
minority wooed by all parties to win polls in uk.
your coach is the first punch is most effective
just keep reminding keep the faith and f. k islam !
i think has already reached the point of no return
i wonder if and world media will pick up on this !
and you will have to get your longer snipped
to learn jihad and what. why ... how ... should see this :
would vote for democrats even if they support palestine
not if they appease these people will not be good. germans can be tenacious.
in too uk or the media is going to forget this in 3 days
how can you be a racist against a religion ?
bible belt states are traditionally republican.
like blacks and voting democrat. correct.
the were using tactics before minsky was born
when one can not stand for his/her own country, it is the end
conservative republicans. moderate christians = demo
like the running the school !!! ughhhhh
yup prided themselves in being “ neutral “ just look where that has taken them
they already have started paying the price
ours are worn around the neck of feminism
pair of who think they are down with the kids
in you are labeled racist if you want to stand up for england
agreed but are blacks traditional voters of republicans ??
everything is fair in war & amp ; politics.
no it is not. stealing elections, for example.
..... not yet .... germany has had enough
if you are an unethical prick, yeah.
is now a huge slum
after nationalism was seen as troubling ...
you tell me point it out to a lefties and they get all shout
states with sizable immigrant religious minorities r democrat.
sure it not sure how many rag-heads will be kicked
has already fallen below critical mass.
and that is just what the terrorists are doing !
think is pretty much a hopeless country at this point 😠
they are sure as h -- trying huh ?
it is how the go in “ assimilate, “ demagogue, conquer, subjugate
up mo is are more like !
loyalists would vote for same party even if they fail them.
does not matter if they are minority, muslim is already control govt, will suppress them
11. 11. 5%hispanicsasians = democrat voter base
you gonna be rich very soon
traditionally minorities afraid of christian) eighties.
and the only govt who prefer immigrants to their own people
whole of now looks hopeless
that is why i send david is video and will keep sending it
i think i will ask to marry me.
agreed very very sad but when you stand for nothing ....
in this case be a proud racist !
what are the slutty bridesmaids wearing ?
wearing blinders will get your head severed.
you have to use the islamofascist is own book to show what they do is written in there
i would like to know what happened to great britain is balls.
... nope have u heard of a little man we call o ?
my football coach said ' get your retaliation in first!'
the has a weak government who will not upset any minority. losing votes
yeah ... we know how that bitch rolls ... she is another one !!... ughhhh
only ' win ' matters in polls even if it is by fraudulent means.
what of asians vote for republicans ??
afraid so. less than 40 years until swedes are minorities in sweden.
totalitarians laugh at western appeasement for funding their terror.
no but they might arrest you
let is go back to that time !!! hehehehe
i am a now will my country stand up for me ?
freedom of expression should never be an act of bravery . whoever threatens it is an enemy of all freedom-loving
congratulations. you have just blamed the victims.
target to apparently amp ; professional & amp ; well planned horrific terrorist attack. which now sadly
i am not blaming the victims i am being realistic here
been treated in a very negative & amp ; hostile way 😔
fire knowing it is going to get burnt ... please correct if i am wrong here ???
is is satanic islam is a doctrine spawned in hell “ claims irish preacher
situation. would the horrific tragedy still of happened otherwise ??? and people talk about democracy ???
i got pushed back for saying that through so called “ freedom of speech “ they made themselves a
provoked amp i have been arguing the toss about it on twitter to people reacting very horribly
even though i seriously condemn the horrific terrorist attack i can also see how it has been
and what about all the peaceful muslims who follow islam are they evil too ???
towards me too to the extent i now feel like breaking down because people are arguing about the
u are a sicko for even thinking that
i am so sorry you think that 😔
is editor charb , assassinated today , said in 2012 : " i prefer to die standing than to live
a very courageous man. rip.
congrats on your tweet !
and he did. sad.
this is the one that brought me to tears.
no no no car - and now no life.
rt is editor chart, assassinated today, said in 2012 ...
you are the man.
charlie hebdo , the magazine that dared to poke fun at religion
really being satirical is part and parcel of liberty ~
closely identify with others find it absurd ! killing just compounds the stereotype
why are you singling out muslims when there are other groups to select from ?
this mag is satire ... and it was equal opportunity.
this is asking for trouble when you start making fun of other religions.
satire has been around forever - it is not for everyone is palette ~
is a fantastic religion is not it ? so glad it exists.
as an atheist i reject all religions ~ agree though ppm have the right to their beliefs
it is about respect and decorum, that is just my belief.
satirical is one thing but the disrespect of another is belief system is politically incorrect and taboo.
: satirical weekly will come out next week , despite bloodbath ( editorialist )
good good good ! vive
satirical weekly will come out next week, despite bloodbath (editorials) ”
no fear rt satirical weekly will come out next week, despite bloodbath
moderate muslims defend extremist but not victims . they merely say ( ' anyways ' condolence to family )
. false. i have seen many defend victims and condemn extremists.
yes very true same thing going on in trends in uk. some support religion or jihad sad
they develop a cold foot to speak against evils of islam and in favor of the victims.
last sentence of d twit is the truth.
hey wait though. that what they r doing right here
not just so called moderate muslims also white gentry leftists as well.
this is something that needs to change.
all 2 polish the cartons none found in indian media loud mouth ie silent. scard ?
we may not like it but it does not mean we kill.
yes this is about victims . it is also about how our communities reform & amp ; abolish blasphemy codes
i am not the problem. (politely) go and focus on the problem !
then examine yourself and understand you have got to change. you talk about gun laws after school shootings
but the fact is that cohesion increases recruitment.
tiny moments sometimes change as madrid is “ radical “ relates
yes but it has to be done so bring it on ! bon chance !!
thank you for writing that sis
i will stand with you tamera and so will many others
i am on my feet and staying there
talk to people. sometimes that is all it requires
doing it on train now. all it takes is being an active citizen.
enjoyed your piece enormously i have done the same today - challenge ignorance always every chance
you are very clearly to logical people very much at the forefront of the solution
engaging is key
i understand but it still does not tackle those who detest us for just being us.
not but it indirectly reduces their recruiting ability
great and timely the only solution we have in our pockets
you know i did not mean that. i meant grass roots level.
discussion is def the solution.
discussion is not the solution ?
maybe you could talk it out with isis.
why it is charlie hebdo is right to draw muhammad
we r living in a different world today, away from the western-centred worldview ?
note is statement about relations ? ignites global race wars, a divide and rule strategy
it was written on the 2nd of january 2013
i can not believe how filthy is the : ”
i am sure it does. an entire article is not required to say that. cashing in.
why it is charlie held is right to draw muhammad got in quick
it is not asking why is it ? “ it is saying it is their right
yes and we should all re tweet his cartoons
and other creationism should be insulted, religion is patriarchal bullshit
read the it says just that ...
probably their main target was islam.
the " extremist " muslims are actually obeying the qur'an . the " moderate " muslims merely stand by and
eliminating the enemies of is a collective duty, but can be executed by individuals.
the moderate ' is a transitory phase as we can see from is piece in papers today.
72 virgins is not in the duran, probably some crap the made up.
those that kill and are killed receive the greatest reward, i call it the 9-11 verse
the says that moderate “ muslims are the bad ones.
the our'an is very clear as to what a muslim must do in service for his/her “ faith
there is no such thing as moderate muslim
watch them do their dirty work ...
that is right that is what the duran says
moderates are the one holding you down with their lies while extremists cut your throat
here is all the evidence you need :
and the only reward alley has is 72 virgins after death. what a stupid belief system !!
shows no sympathy for instead start blamethemuslimgame trend. muslim mentality
cop has died sews charlie
one of the more stupid and uneducated tweets i have seen.
how cartoonists around the world responded to the charlie hebdo attack
so accordingly how could u justify the holocaust, salem trials and american invasion on islamic countries
you are a fucking idiot. none of those were the consequence of insults. grow a brain.
there is a big difference be tween humor and insult true, but neither should lead to violence.
. without humor we’re not humans.
we should no more blame islam for radical muslims than we should blame christianity for hitler. .
editorial boards ' inadequate they should publish & amp ; mohammad cartoons to mock the fucking
true but the criticism must be on the basis of argument not on just one event
the west used the and isis is not muslims as they are targeting muslims as well
there is a big difference be tween humor and insult
you should know they were from isis and you must know who funded them, not muslims
you do not get to kill people because you are insulted.
you would have been better referencing the crusades, or the spanish invasion of south america.
without we are all republicans.
that is awesome. they must feel targeted. at this point
- a brilliant image by . let is all stick our pencils up in defiance .
do not just be come take a stand -
up the are of the nearest muslim.
exactly no one will curtail our liberty of expression.
with a thick piece of lead on the end.
steve bell is cartoon on the charlie hebdo attack :
bell is cartoon on the charlie held attack : ”
why can not they take a joke like every other religion has
bell is cartoon on the charlie held attack : ”
mt bell is cartoon attack
the pen is still mightier than the sword .
what makes you think that i care about your opinion ?
i see so many mixed race babies now and its always a white mother. not a white father
do not care about race, mate.
you are crazy was shooting rockets into israel for months.
never said a word i utterly condemn what israel did - but you excuse the paris murders
because we are in your countries, faking shit up and ur posting internet puts. haha cowards
loved your live of the coca cola truck arriving in manchester, was that actually political satire ?
while your country is getting taken over your making koran parodies ? haha
. that is right freedom. should never go
i like how these never said a word when innocent palestinian journalists died through israeli bombing
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
prove it by printing the satirical cartoon strips
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
too right it is get in there - total support !
you are very brave. not. your a joke just like charliehebdo. rot in pieces
proud to be a journalist.
there is no need for abusive language like that.
right you cannot deny that haas attacked first, so you resort to excuses.
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages -
who i have only my objective to pursue.
white race is a weak race
....... hypocrites you deny the white working class of free speech.
you were there were you. if you took over my country id fire rockets every day.
perhaps the best cartoon yet ... via
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
indeed a world without terrorists ... let is erase them all ... ...
rt perhaps the best cartoon yet ... via
but the cartoonist purposefully has not displayed any islamic images !
it is good what so think of this one ? so true.
. gave a masterclass in dealing with people who demand an apology from muslims for attack
like hundreds of millions of muslims who support death for apostasy camp ; blasphemy ? idiot
yes though one excels at it, thankfully we in the west/christianity largely moved.
that is correct. your powers of deduction are almost as if an imaginary being willed it.
it is not hard. listen to the tape. sheesh
religion is the biggest evil known to man. killing to please imaginary beings ......
they often want apologies thats not true though is it.
excellent. direct to using insulting language to people who do not share your view.
did the coast slave traders apologize for enslaving white anglo saxons ?
absolutely brilliant. excellent listen thank you
anyway nice tweeting u. wishing u a nice evening and a gd weekend.
what is your contribution to life you bigots. (mel & amp ; adrian) .
exactly. like he always does.
what is mystery hour dude ? is that wen they ask bigots to call-in to solve problems ?
do you like amp ; cock fighting ?
he stifles debate in an attempt to preserve guardian approved thought
who says he ?
it is lefties like him that have allowed this to happen
well he is like some sort of 1930s appeaser
o'brien would argue this demonstration was free speech and the cartoons are insulting. he is a cretin
we demand an apology from jams for being the most deluded, self-obsessed cunt in england after
free speech and threats are two entirely different concepts.
not its most appropriate term for ppm who display intolerance aka bigots.
" love is stronger than hate " : cover after molotov cocktail attack on its offices in 2011
it is satire and very apt.
this has to do with manhood, this is very, & amp ; ...
never been fan of sickened by thugs who are high jacking my religion every day
this : rt : let is talk seriously about & amp ; western double standard on freedom of speech
hot takes get your takes here, nice and hot
wrong. made fun of many religions including judaism.
no it is not. and even if it was, it is a really shitty one.
you spelled wrong
thick as fuck. if a group of jews had murdered the workers, west would react the same
reading the comments to this tweet demonstrates how shallowly people think, as well as their inability to read
nothing to do with your completely flawed point on the “ double standards of freedom of speech “ ...
yes the words are hypocritical. but one ideology resorts to killing as revenge.
check the status you will see how funny is his “ joke “.
shot up ... except possibly in gaza ?
pay is criticizing the wests double standard responses to charlie held is satire.
note fired the famous caricaturist sine for a drawing sarky is son marrying jewish
agreed. a small but hideously violent -section of it.
more info here so double standards indeed !
in 40 years of held there was a few thousand cartoons mocking jews and christians
pay attention. the difference in responses are due to the difference in action from the offended group
donald trump labelled a amoron ' for blaming attacks on france is lack of guns
as always said ... gun laws only keep guns from law abiding citizens. viva austria !
that is trump labeled a moron ' for blaming attacks on france is lack of guns
he is a moron for many other reasons too.
for like ???
of because the proliferation of guns in the us has prevented any massacres there …
trump labeled moron ' for blaming attack on france lack of guns ”
he was labeled a moron before he said that.
he is a moron ... enough said
' is kind for trump ....
and he is blind to the freedom that allows him to make a jackass of himself !
another one that thinks guns solve every problem ! cretin !
a satire on mohammed can get you killed . a satire on hindu god can get you 300 crs !
democratic principles cross their way. hindu is must unity. take revenge against who dare to satire hindugods
in that case all your hindu haidas should join isis. kyo.
all news channels should show it but dare not as it will displease air
seeing condemnations from muslim figures , worldwide . tmrw , there will be articles on ' why do not they
question in city - do clowns have to respond every time the joker kills someone ?
if you hear why do not you condemn terrorism “ send them here :
u have congress fools to appreciate ur jihad activities, do not bother about it
too many attacks. far far far too many. it is a rotten ideology.
i see lots of apologists as well. islamism is not smith alien to muslim communities.
this is some of them do that not all of them we must change their mind
how president obama sold out charlie hebdo
with his version of the black agenda and not acknowledging islamic
i knew that before the start of his first term
how president sold out charlie held “
sold out the whole country. this lotus is a traitor to the constitution.
how president sold out charlie held ” impeach
seeks to destroy the west that is his only ambition
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up .
check out brown queen by burst “ - …
check out brown queen by burst “ - …
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ”
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up.
damn. three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ”
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up.
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ” praying for you france
live on now. three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ”
this will be silent swift and deadly those will be the results ....
oh dear. rt three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up.
he is not @
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ” - oh dear.
three large explosions and gunfire .... book harm ?????????????????
can be heard too.
check out brown queen by burst “ - …
well done police you have done the job u r trained for ? god bless !
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ”
check out brown queen by burst “ - …
check out brown queen by burst “ - …
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up.
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ”
rt three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up.
three large explosions and gunfire heard where suspects are holed up. ”
it seems akp supporters in turkey are happy about the terror attack against . they seem joyfully celebrating barbaric terror
he is a big liar and manipulator & gt ; & gt ;
sen air you are true traitor, against turkish (your) people.
supporters seems happy with the attack. condemning all of them attackers and sympathisants.
deeply disturbed and saddened by yet another islamist massacre . shame on religion . .
what does that have to do with the tragedy is talking about now ?
how should they do that ?
. but by blaming this on islam, you not helping. cc
and what about all the massacres committed in the name of western liberalism ?
okay. but you are in a wrong place to discuss that thing.
oh that is all right then ? what are you talking about ?
zeitgeist of all religions ' jordan maxwell
not the fault of as such but of wahhabi/salami/deobandi brand of jihad islam !!
what is the link with religion ? because i do not see any
french justice minister c . taubira reacts outside of the headquarters of the satirical newspaper
to late for that let the people defend themselves, gun control only works for criminals
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
how a going to sell this as “ non-islamic “ ...
looks like with the death of obama bin latin wink
you hate black people .... got it
how our timidity helped cartoonists become victims . my column today - (£)
has anyone in the mm printed the mo cartoons in defiance yet ? no. still shimmy.
spot on. the ignorant idiots out in force
i am guessing you think the jews were behind this.
was that a nervous laugh ?
a v important piece which should be outside your pay wall, for once.
an excellent article. i agree with it wholeheartedly. well done.
sadly i would rather use my money elsewhere than is hate machines
oh i just posted that too. quite. we are all included, shamefully.
no need to be rude .....
the pen is mightier than the sword .
i am afraid that will turn out to be le pen in france
u should know some by now yours truly marie
it is. which is why it threatens so, and why one should wield it carefully.
to bad they do not know that !
used to be. not anymore !
politics power control comes out the end of the barrel of a gun.
but the is mightier than both
' war is not the answer, only love can conquer hate ' marvin game
but you can not make a cheese sandwich with a pen.
congrats on your tweet !
or as some le pen is mightier than le sword ....
today , the whole world is charlie ( via )
every front page of every newspaper should run the headline “ he sews charlie “ tomorrow or saturday
pope francis prays for gunmen who executed 12 people at
pope prays for gunmen who executed 12 people at ”
they the gunmen are now cursed to eternal damnation. this is what francis is praying for.
bless him bless him bless him !
they will still go to hell and be taunted by demons and burn forever
a much better response than the us “ condemning it “. that is a given.
no prayer is needed for those gunmen, just a high voltage chair is all that is needed ...
a radical has destroyed more than 1,000 churches across since 2010
he prays for them really ?
god is merciful and anyone can be redeemed
how about the families of ones killed ?
why would he pray for the gunman ? what a joker
pray for end of islam !
too soon pope francis prays for gunmen who executed 12 people at ”
such monstrous people do not need prayers.
why the killing of charlie hebdo cartoonists will make art stronger
show us all of them
why the killing of charlie held cartoonists will make art stronger “
rt why the killing of charlie held cartoonists will make art stronger ”
i am a big fan of rene magritte - smart pic -
the pen has always been and will always be mightier than the sword .
you for your support, we need it un paris since yesterday morning ... take care ...
thank you for your support !
man does not accept the lessons of history
thank it is very important for us and liberty of expression
just thank you equality, fraternity “ ✏
thank you for your support ! france is in mourning !
i hope that our intelligence talks through our hearts with words.
thank you for support & lt
thank you for your solidarity, we need her in paris since yesterday morning ...
today all people are freedom of expression
did they draw cartoons ? rt : why no outrage for the 100s of people boko haram wiped out yesterday
thats not what we but there is more coverage about 12 people vs this !
on very important to read …
it is not a black or white issue ! i do not see africans demonstrating either
day r black n whites tnt give adam bout black. is blood !
or the 3 officers killed in egypt by isis followers
nobody cares let them kill each other !
or the 50 killed by yemeni terrorists while applying at the police academy
smoke is emerging from building at site of hostage situation . gunshots , loud blasts heard .
i told u they would not tolerate it !
bad bad day for press freedom , freedom of expression and satire . thoughts with relatives of victims at
we should all republish cartoons in honor of the magazine and unity against hatred
it will only see the extremes getting louder and louder in justifying their own views.
rt - if you support this fighter !
thanks for sharing it is now featured on
the terrorist attack in paris is so scary i am crying
i live in 😔😔
where are you from omg
it must be so scary to be there rn
thank you ... i am so scared ...
i am not in but i am so fucking scared
there has been a terrorist attack in paris
stay safe babe i am thinking of you
i am praying for you babe
the terrorist attack in paris is so scary i am crying ”
hostages are being freed thank you jesus i am so glad
yeah me the explosions freaked me out so much
the terrorist attack in paris is so scary i am crying ” they died few minutes ago
i am so thankful that it is over
at least you are all safe
my thoughts and prayers are with everybody in paris
two of the terrorists are supposedly dead thank god
so much everyone talked about that at school we were all so scared
i feel like i am going to cry, i am watching the tv and it is so scary
neither am i but i am terrified
u can not imagine how much i was scared and everyone at my school were too mg
i am so scared i live in france and it is horrible
from i live in north mg
charlie hebdo’s last tweet before shootings
looks to me like the religion of peace has struck again, no ?
what is for those of us hard of french ?
w dignity sold condemn the barbaric terrorist act in terrorists stop the destruction peace
another reason to say fuck and fuck
those allah bless them !
think this ticks all the boxes .
fame it is just words on a screen you sad melt.
congrats on your tweet !
then stop abuse the people or you go down hhhh
this says it that is for sure.
pretty ignorant who is ' you ' ?
congrats on your tweet !
concise and to the point. first class use of english.
relish in your ' fame ' while it lasts
rt think this ticks all the boxes. ”
think this ticks all the boxes. ”
this sign says it all. 👍
congrats on your tweet !
first time i have genuinely smiled about this issue in 13 years !!!!
as an ex i could not have put it betters !
there is always one. go away, dickhead.
think this ticks all the boxes. ”
new york times square
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
new times square is banding together against & amp ; protect
charlie hebdo : norway didn’t give in to islamophobia , nor should france | owen jones
in there have been riots in muslim communities all over norway, btw
every child in does classes at school in conflict resolution we should follow their excellent example
she is a victim of islam.
correct that is wrong. but break was a one off islamist attacks are regular.
apparently you do not know what you are talking about
is that so where and when ?
so when did this experiment begin ?
did i say i meant sweden. they all look the same to me, my bad
probably when the numbers reached the hundreds of thousands per year from dissimilar cultures and religions
is in also trying to stir up anti-islam sentiment among the public in syria ?
is often the capitol of sweden.
have you ever heard of a pakistani girl named malaya ?
since when does represent islam ?
also forgetting the ban on veil in france and the deep seated resentment between maghrebiens and france
held norway didn’t give in to islamophobia, nor should france | owen jones ”
held norway didn’t give in to islamophobia, nor should france | owen jones ”
watch : hacker group says it will avenge attack by shutting down jihadi websites
collective can decide what trends and what gets seen by everyone
now that is how they can be useful.
technology war ... better than bloodbath
is useless but this group goes way beyond that site.
... because there is a law which called freedom of speech.
i doubt anyone in still goes under this banner
taking down a website its not clever. least chronology spread awareness
the web thrives on making things that are trending even more popular
excellent now we have faceless “ defending “. what a load of rubbish !
have killed people if that but in no way can muslims compare to peaceful christians
they are smarter than any government employee.
they seem to be more effective than these governments
wait no and hears about this racist plot !
finally the lefties get what is coming - karma a bitch
the did it for years. also see
that is what was powerful about anon when it was not so diluted
oh no not their websites
why shut them down just flood them with the cartoons they seem to hate ???
rt hacker group says it will avenge attack by shutting down jihad websites
the government surely would not use a third party to spy on itself.
if they do they are new friends
you and i could take down a website by ourselves. no need for a collective
the hashtag is a powerful one . for ahmed , the muslim cop killed outside
maybe something to look into ?
the hash tag is a powerful one. for ahmed, the muslim cop killed outside ”
did a great service. he was a muslim policeman.
i have also been thinking of it this way today.
stop lying this attack was nothing to do with free speech — it was about war
terror attack on. a sad week for humanity. world global religion news
i thought he was defending their lives. crazy me.
paris attack : this is the worst act of terrorism in france for 50 years
i am wondering anybody would ride with them this time
failed to could have been hired ?
prediction : the survivors of charlie hebdo put out a new issue , the cover of which big western media
i am afraid you are right, shame on them !
to print but will they post cover ? “ google-backed fund to give to charliehebdo “
if you can not offend everybody who can you offend ?
and that donated money for the printing
sadly i feel you are correct
they probably would not show tomahawk on their covers either. too much pipe for mortal eyes.
and looks like you win.
yes the opposite of songs chastising
or and holder will demand excluded from our press. . are hypocritical to the extreme.
but i would do there a peg of it anywhere ?
we need to start a subscription drive for charlie held worldwide ...
french police are looking for two more suspects in the shooting :
police is super
pity to see helpless in hands of muslims
yea ... now police diverting from islamic jihad attention to non-islamic ethnic french hot pursuit
the face of the enemy of western civilization
how arab world media responded to charlie hebdo attack
now is the time for ordinary muslims to stand up and be counted in their adopted western countries
100 lashes if you are not dying of laughter
ordinary can create a storm by coming out in their millions and protesting against islamic terrorism
life : how arab world media responded to charlie held attack “”
how world media responded to charlie held attack ”
how arab world media responded to charlie held attack “
the article forgets the journalists killed by israel when trying to report on gaza ! jewish people are terrorists
what does that say in english please
all of probably not
breaking news : local mayor tells suspects bros are dead .
the true god forgives but, i´m so happy in the name of 12 people death.
anonymous about to launch go to support !
breaking news suspects dead. “
breaking news local mayor tells suspects bros are dead. ”
i security force sustained minor injury. however, all clear !!!
awaiting conformation of dead and wounded @ grocery store.
complex neighborhood returning to normal traffic moving again ...
way to go now they will be martyrs for sure !
breaking news local mayor tells suspects bros are dead. ”
reports are that they had their hands up saying i can not breathe as they were shot ...
all hostages released. all hostage takers neutralized ... situation in control.
what about the thousand of other murders just like them that the media does not talk about !
they are now in a realm of hate ... forever !!
more evil eliminated from civilized society ; on travails la police franchise !!!!
correction one security force sustained minor injury. however, all clear !!!
artists fight violence with images
many names because the victims of terror — state-sponsored, religious or personal — are legion.
“ the paper will continue because they didn’t win . ” vows to continue publishing
sister media cos. should let people around the globe know how they can contribute
wow crazy world we live in.
documented false flag shooter ever secret service intelligence
freedom of speech ... without the lesson of virtue ..... will become an abomination ....
they will continue to spew venom and hide behind free speech.
get yourselves a bodyguard with a gun.
documented false flag shooter ever navy secret service intelligence
thanks so much for sharing. just added it to my site
it is time for governments to take serious measures to stop islamic jihadists.
we " are charlie hebdo " in the same sense that we demanded boko haram bring back " our "
time we all did something practical like boycotting all asian owned shops/other businesses throughout the west.
any of us can have our right to free expression silenced.
why
i only fear people if they are muslims.
terribly true but does not make the emotion less real and the attack was perpetrated in paris ...
over the past 24 hours your words have cut as sharp and true as anyone on twitter.
and the boys. so i am still saying it. all of it.
is a lot like unarmed cops. ? laws, consequences are meaningless if not enforced.
you mean the la times ' story 14 hours ago ? we are still talking.
agree re book but speak for yourself re cartoons - i had threats for discussing early muslim-created images.
infographic : anti- attacks in after the charlie hebdo massacre .
as scary all extremism is dangerous !
15 people are killed let is obsess over graffiti and property crimes.
maybe in the interests of fraternity or sympathy for those killed you would publish the (un)offending images ?
not even is on rise and has been for some 20yrs
attacks in ffranceafter the massacre at .bbby”
but these are not terror attacks
attacks across after the massacre. “ ”
do not forget about fraternity to go w/ liberty rt : anti-muslim attacks after massacre
of course this is wrong but expected ? maybe will help the enlightened to join together ?
absolutely people must come together
attacks in after the massacre at. by
shocking how simple minded people are.
all sources linked to material reported in french press outlets.
attacks in france after the massacre at. by ”
rt attacks in france after the massacre at. by ”
getting one is information from low res inforgraphics that offer no documentation ? that is simple-minded
not in any legible format.
stop lying about this attack was nothing to do with free speech
attacks in after the massacre at. by
or perhaps you could use google news to confirm the info ? that is what we simple-minded folks do
23 heartbreaking cartoons from artists responding to the shooting
eleventh of of totalitarian regimes in the middle east and terrorist financing ******
think people need to think about what freedom of speech means to the syrian iraq gaza refugee children.
congrats on your tweet !
mosques attacked in france following ' charlie hebdo ' attack
who cares you reap what you sow ?
idiot and ignorance bring rappers who rapped under age children instead of bringing muslims
gross. mosques attacked in france following ' charlie held ' attack ”
murderous suspects cowardice wearing fleeing, robbing gas station
oh god. rt mosques attacked in ffrancefollowing ' charlie hheld' attack ”
rt mosques attacked in france following ' charlie held ' attack
mosques attacked in france following ' charlie held ' attack ” sad so sad
how many of your ppm killed muslims over the past decades ??
not surprised rt mosques attacked in france following ' charlie held ' attack
why can not we all just get along ? respect each other ?
special forces evacuate local residents in saint-mande , near porte de vincennes in paris . photo
thank you sweetie. everything is gonna be has to. we have to carry on fighting.
the little weapon !
congrats on your tweet !
album hemmed at. nimge pranamagalu.
the little weapon ! ” insane people !!! 😡
the little weapon ! ”
better do you think murder is justified ?
what are you doing four ??
please use it. will mail you the high res cartoon.
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
so very sad day. feel bad for other people of the same faith.
oh shut up. when was the last time the ' other ' intolerant people killed
very appropriate. they r trying to silence pen with guns ! “ : the little weapon ! ”
the little weapon ! ”
well done very happy for you
correct intolerant people. everywhere. from every background. and every religion/belief/political tendency.
why are rt though ? i thought you were better than this
congrats on your tweet !
could we have permission to publish this cartoon in print and online edition of the wall street journal ?
the little weapon ! ”
muslim leaders worldwide have condemned the charlie hebdo attacks . but you will not learn that by watching .
i typically do not like fox news either, but here is my friend being interviewed.
actual have no problem with the killing of those that “ insulted “ the prophet.
pretty confident you will not learn anything by watching fox. it will actually make you less informed
. watching see interviews with the problem is cause, like : others ? not so much ...
you also will not hear that there is been a rash of attacks on peaceful muslims in mosques !
soc media in ? check that first.
she is great. but america needs better muslim representation in the media.
leaders r blowing smoke and could not care less, otherwise they would stand up to jihad themselves
o ya i no her 2 ! thank u
they will take any side that is against muslims
still does not change the fact that muslims do a lot of terrorizing.
you will not learn much of anything watching fox news
are busy supporting is terrorist attacks on the palestinians ! killing muslim children ok !
just a little note you will never learn a thing watching fox no news
trends worldwide : online solidarity after charlie hebdo attack
but you totally lack the balls to print the cartoons ..... so much for your solidarity
dark forces are indeed at work here too.
publish the cartoons please. show your solidarity
trends worldwide online solidarity after charlie held attack ”
ed md’s google result : boston treason, 4 articles
yep not that the truth ...
kill them & amp ; when you are done kill their pet goat❌rt " : ”
i appreciate your interesting tweet ... it is my pleasure to feature it on
i freaking love this guy. would vote for him in a new york minute.
i love that guy i have been saying all wk ... just behead them on every muslim reply
leave the goats in peace. ai not their fault.
we have it is kill or be killed
except the goat was not his pet, it was his wife.
just look at how long they have been killing, it is time to end their terror
at least the goats would then be safe from rape ...
you mean their temporary wives.
if only we had a real commander-in-chief !
why do westerners relate with a goat ?
my 16 son loves this guy ! yeah ....
my father traveled all over the world. he called the mongoloid hoards
we should just let them kill each other off and be done with it
sg statement on terrorist attack in ,
typical of the countries activities. first, provoked, then mulling vastareagtiota and then to war
so statement on terrorist attack in, such “ powerful “ words.
great post not post on proximity based travel network ?
you want to express your great grief. or something else ?
if encouraged extremism in lydia and usa in syria - then its blow back time
tony should face trial over iraq war, says archbishop and nobel peace prize desmond tutu …
you should also be concerned about lennokki attacks. neither they themselves human, as nato is view
who gunmen epstein also in car+trilateral commission
such a shame. going to work & amp ; not coming back
this comment sent to bbc about the paris attacks and the hashtags going around is just perfect .
mt comment sent to about the paris attacks and the hash tags going around is just perfect
i cannot agree more with you.
so now let is talk seriously about and western double standard on freedom of speech .
thank you best tweet of the day salaam
the cartoon forgets one important thing : no one murdered them for anti feminism.
it is this hypocrisy and double standard
they had many drawings of hook nosed jews though !
the killers were non cause that was not islam 💔
it just happened to be islamist. could also have been any extreme right wing political group.
so you only object when lampoons christianity, buddhism, hinduism or judaism ?
it clinches an idiot. the comparison is pathetic
but i have suspected you are for some time. this clinches it.
not true. that paper poked fun at jews too
you mean did not draw about jews or christians ?
they were murdered by fanatics. the religion is of little import.
what fucking bullshit. that newspaper had anti semitic cartoons too. did jews murder the journalists ? no
so it is not a double standard to defend speech (even abhorrent speech) from murderous lunatics.
fair enough. trouble i have getting a lot of the other sort of idiot today.
minute is silence to be held in france at top of the hour to remember victims of the paris shooting
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
we honor the spirit of free speech with dedicating
we did not always agree with charlie hebdo but we believed in their right to express their views - local
prophet forgave including poets who wrote snide verses against him on kaaba wall/peace
but many people did people who would already issued countless death threats
fighter of very sadden by loosing our supporter & amp ; friend of
there must be a limit on how people express themselves
with the happy family less amsterdam jihadists fighters ’ abroad.
so playing with words n logic without any limit is illogical and dangerous
these perpetrators are more like fascist thugs mistakenly believing 2 wrongs make a right
minute is silence at guardian office for
if only they also left the ch cartoons cropped rt minute is silence at office for
so you took a photo instead of just observing it ?
rt minute is silence at guardian office for ”
long lists of terrorist attacks & amp ; rampage killings : we are running out of commemorative silence
rt minute is silence at guardian office for
publishing the cartoons would have been a batter tribute, cowards.
still amazed by uderzo is tributes to . he is 87 , but style , line , attitude unchanged .
lets pay our tributes to indian cartoonists we commit suicide after undergo is(87)
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
salute that person with gusto when many media bugs under fear !
daily mail describing charlie hebdo as " notoriously anti-islamic magazine in paris " . see what is already happening ?
anti all religions all not anti islamic, you fucking do morons.
just as ' provocative ', ' irreligious ' as if this was something bad.
what is that got to do with it ... what a dumb remark
newspapers that now describe as “ notoriously anti-islamic “ can hardly be described as real newspapers
just wait until the changes to far-right. and it will happen.
when him forty was killed the bbc describe him as a neo-nazi ...
they actually mock all religions big difference others have sense of humor and live & amp ; let live
it appears mail is anti-free speech
surviving journalists are to publish the magazine is new edition for next week
here you go an article that was removed for your info, you can thank me later !
love is stronger than hate “ defending gay marriage and tolerance over fanatic and hate
stating that and real muslims, would be against this crazy terror
are these covers they are free, against the world stupidity
it was a satire by satire do you understand what it means ?!
and will you be showing their front cover ? will any uk media ?
to not do it would mean the murderers have won.
do not speak of things you ignore
your hate speech is my free speech - i over-rule you.
beheading for religion is so un-religious that even mohammad would be also killed
bots will conquest all the world.
some extremists behead and because of their ignorance some brave journalist point this out
do not speak of things you ignore fired a writer for a joke they said was anti.
is cartoons were exactly they condemned racism and intolerance using humor.
can we purchase this in the uk ?
here religions who preach intolerance are no good : catholic jewish and-or muslim
reflect and only then speak. goodbye
got it it is called intelligent humor and satire not everybody understands, but is humor not racism
are the owners forking out for security in future ? and compensation for the dead officers ' families ?
i think you should go back to school ! twitter news is not knowledge.
that is what happen when you have nothing to say ! goodbye !
choose your freedom of speech carefully !
17 journalists massacre in 2014. where were these “ freedom of speech “ then ?
some people read the news and want to teach the world their ignorance. what is next ?
charlie hebdo : we must not stop laughing at these murderous clowns
soon a flood of tears will begin. and many will be labeled insensitive, inhumane !
rt held we must not stop laughing at these murderous clowns
the guardian has live coverage of the paris shooting at charlie hebdo
and tomorrow at the guardian : it is not about religion, it is not about islam.
is your first language ? it was a simple question
no one sent him offensive pr bullshit at charlie held. spot the difference ?
rt the guardian has live coverage of the paris shooting at charlie held
i bet the will blame this on too restrictive gun laws in france.
live updates here as well :
is behind. is happy now.
that is how i found out where my friends were.
while for decades it and still is, daily us-practice officially called us foreign terrorist operations(unto)
i ask that we recognize a problem and come to an accommodation so we can all live together.
there are more but i am lazy. he hates calling jihad terrorism what it is
are you saying we are suffers ?
you know who did it ?
the more you are motivated by love , the more fearless & amp ; free your action will be dalai
what is up want to know how to get more done ? look at this :
what is up want to get more done in less time ? check this out :
great one love tthisthanks .
video : bangs heard coming from site of hostage situation in paris neighborhood of vincennes - on vine
they are all dead and hostages saved /eight
. bangs. super descriptive.
i ... bangs heard coming from site of hostage situation in paris neighborhood of incenses ”
bangs we call those gunshots.
love is stronger than hate/l'amour plus fort que la haine h/t
rt love is stronger than hate/l'amour plus fort que la maine
love does not seem to be winning at the moment.
sometimes it has to be done, otherwise freedom of speech and belief = down the pan !
rt love is stronger than hate/l'amour plus fort que la maine h/t ”
love is stronger than hate/l'amour plus fort que la maine h/t ”
love is stronger than hate/l'amour plus fort que la maine h/t ”
bibi’s vulgarity : using paris shooting to justify israeli colonialism | haaretz
his fight is over resources and land, but his rhetoric revolves around religion and terrorism.
and england do nothing except add poison “ archbishop jacques behan hindu
mos sad have done far worse than paris shootings.
license for to kill more innocent palestine children, justify action to bomb gaza
are one of the most evil groups in history of the world ! people & amp ;
the irony , it hurts . apple , who repeatedly censored on its platforms , is now claiming " to
so did the newspaper media who censored a lot of shit. ughh. double fucking standards.
there may be cultural differences between english and french satire. also us !
you are confusing freedom of the press with refusal to forward an unpleasant chain-letter.
you need to check the context of this particular drawing. it was not racist at all.
only censorship of others. my right to silence used to be enshrined in english law.
freedom of speech does not mean you have to publish everything, even if you disagree.
apple says but they were not really friends before (in french) /via (indirectly
just look at and you will find plenty some deranged bozo would gladly kill for.
so held even far left journal) reference that in that drawing.
i get what you are saying & amp ; am open to reevaluation ...
censuring is not supporting free speech. apple sucks at free speech.
this is not job is.
you realism censorship and free speech support are opposites right ?
i hope i make myself understand with a few sentences. regards.
better go flag that page and edit it. add that chain letter thing.
a look at the irreverent covers of :
are not you owned by murdoch ? enough said ....
a look at the irreverent covers of : ”
funny your 7th slides ... should make cab and friends laugh ... well dressed for winter ...
the pen and the sword : the latest from .
no fear let them fear us now.
meet the indian islamist politician who wants to award $5m to the killers .
leader is good at math. 51, like 72, is divisible by 3
in good luck study hard !! be honest !!! joking
i proudly say i am a god that ! sach map jaanoge to shaped map hi ...
yeah yeah. shut remove army from indo-pak border nasa !!
ha ha ha are year same army khans aa gays ? they are also doing their job !!
u mean justifying gods ?
he looks like a fat muslim pig
in 4 secular like & amp ; many more, these r social activist.
of course but only after knowing the truth behind the assassination of gandhi !
beside he is from n really have 51 cr ? dept. shld raid him !! lol
stupid arrogant ppm are found everywhere.
threatening bastard i better have more coffee !!
very sad anyways such hie !! so jay !! good night !
in leftist media treats these jihads as secular.
what is the significance of 3 ?
i was talking the mentality !! godase is great patriotic com he killed gandhi !! whats the difference ?
the difference is in knowing the reality.!! ' earth revolves around jupiter ' is not d reality.!
if you want to show your support for please share this cartoon .
if you want to show your support for please share this cartoon. ”
if you want to show your support for please share this cartoon. ”
if you want to show your support for please share this cartoon. ”
why i am charlie -- parisians share emotional messages with cnn :
the poor policewoman killed by the mos sad after discovering their link to the shooting
good achievements and keep the war going
all jihads organizations are infiltrated by western intelligence who manipulate them as they wish then catch them to show
shame on moo sad that killed humanity.
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
one of the worst scene created by mos sad.
julian assange has lost the plot . blames “ jewish pro-censorship lobby ” for legitimizing the charlie hebdo massacre .
was only a matter of time before he went all out with his antisemitism.
he is just being more blatant with awful shit he is believed for years.
links to ancient attempt at trying to be edgy *
seems he is getting a bit of a case of cabin fever, eh ?
i swear the time between attacks and the false flag druthers gets shorter and shorter
i am done bracing for impacts. we need to fight back.
been waiting for this moment a while
but you gotta dig deeper. the rabbit hole goes super-deep i swear.
could that man get anymore loathsome ?
needs to log off.
brace for impacts of attempting to shout i told you so. -_-
when an ideology resorts to murdering satirists , it is publically admitting how weak , insecure & amp ; ridiculous
no worries. there is too much casual islamophobia online and elsewhere
my point was the same as the original tweet. attacking innocents proves how weak your point is.
ignorance on my part then. too much hate spreading on my tl. sorry my bad.
and when they can get away with it shows how complicit the powers that be are
true. it can happen in the simplest way. like misreading a tweet.
the us bombed the house of the artist who made this and killed her and her husband in 1993
but still lethal. and that is more than too much.
right. my mistake. sorry n tanks.
resort to killing them ? seriously ??
that is not what we are saying.
that i totally agree with
paris : staff in solidarity with . freedom of expression is a human right
freedom of expression should not be abuse
call to register for this site and gain new job
and and terrorists but elegant clothes. 👍🎯
and with freedom comes responsibility ...
if you are unwilling to stand with this picture, your gesture of support for is an empty one
who ll deferential freedom of expression and mockery of others faith ?
... its very unfortunate of ppm, where religion plays killing competitions. 2000ppl killed by book harm.
freedom of expression is a human right, but it should be a responsible one !
disrespecting the this the freedom of expression ? israel provokes the muslim world
gentleness is expected only from the strong. because the weak is cruel
muslims are not terrorists
respect. stay safe man.
not the one on the left is a coward and pig hides his face
problem your little terrorist is a muslim.
respect to words ... a man is a man nonetheless
and this response a lot more.
of course not he is a fanatic, maybe you need more intellect to understand this
agreed. religion is about being human
they are both just because one is not a terrorist does not make the other a non-muslim
give him some dignity then.
and can not be a disease at the same time either.
. on and the right to commit blasphemy :
on and the right to commit blasphemy : “ thought provoking for sure ...
on and the right to commit blasphemy : ”
hi how are you this late evening ? find want to chat ? cynthia ca steel 2
saying or " i stand with charlie " is not an endorsement of their cartoons , imo . it is
i and i think for most people saying “ i stand with charlie “ is about that
i would like people to show me examples when they say held was generalizing about muslims.
my point on huff we are standing up 4 what makes us human. expressing ourselves freely
that is nice for you but it is not the point.
i am no fan of all their cartoons but i think solidarity important in this case
killing is not it is a foolish act and makes people lose respect.
good to know other people are uncomfortable with this hash tag too !
it is a defiant affirmation of freedom of speech, (whether satirical or no)
right to satirist without harm is endorsement of all satire, since freedom exists without limitation
can you satirist the emotions of europeans regarding holocaust and hitler in the same way ?
sure. nobody can justify the killing.
it is nice that you think so
i am very uncomfortable with it, you are not alone.
i feel that it is fully possible to have solidarity for those killed and not endorse the cartoons.
you may be right but the hash tag still makes me uncomfortable.
all you want. hebdo did
where did hold satirist in general ?
updated : blast erupts near french mosque in wake of attack , according to report
do not know lot of confusion in paris atm.
rt. updated blast erupts near french mosque in wake of attack, according to report
so there was a small explosion in a kebab shop near a mosque. no injuries.
not from my thinking it is from the murder speech.
how media spreads hate for islam & amp ; muslims
does this mean it is the start of another fall of the french republic ?
not because of this stupid reason it is from usa terrorism.
leave the kebab out of it “ : blast erupts near french mosque in wake of attack “
let me know when kill because of a cartoon.
updated blast erupts near french mosque in wake of attack, according to report ” unnecessary
really can u tell me ? who is behind this attack ?
you are delusional. i can not help you.
a picture is worth a thousand words . via
this series of is worth a thousand pictures !
these are the real who demonstrate the spirit of islam in their behavior
a picture is worth a thousand words. ”
just arrived at scene of massacre
thanks i have followed you. please can you follow me back and do your number ?
hi could we use this on our site with credit to you please ?
hi please would you have time for a quick phone interview ?
what is your number can you do me
are you available for an interview with al jazeera english ?
can we use your photos ? this the and from germany ?
just arrived at scene of massacre
hi. can we use this photo in a norwegian online newspaper with your credits ?
hi i am with. can we use your photo ?
press agency here. can we send your images to world is press ?
um , the international business times is running a piece blaming attack on israel
how many ' also inappropriate ' shows of blatant antisemitism does it take to get a clue
you are a peter. thank you for that.
disgusting. staff writer at is suggesting paris shootings were done by mos sad ht :
why are antisemitic articles appearing in it to begin with ?
what is the connection ibtimesuk and times india, which posted this terrible piece ?
we know the but i would still like to hear their excuse.
just said he does not have a problem with that ' analysis. '
also also coming down
i have not had enough coffee for this.
people really are insane.
what is the times model ? huffpost style post at will ?
move along nothing to see here. its matter being sorted out brazenly in public.
this has nothing to do with
they are separate franchises different editorial teams. not other bureaus ' fault.
many are sharing the article on facebook & amp ; fueling the theory. please take note.
okay ... irresponsible of it to publish such conspiracy theories as headlines just a day after
thank you for surfacing. unacceptable breach of our standards
how does it let it run in their india edition ? is that a disconnected company ?
you can thank for it getting yanked.
thank you for doing the right thing.
the removes its article suggesting paris shootings done by mos sad
times has form here please can you get a grip of this publication ?
thanks for helping us put out the fire on this air !! we are really grateful, seriously.
we appreciate your surfacing it. we will do better
also also coming down ”
will you also be removing this ?
again for any offense caused. it offended a few of us in the uk office as well
story you flagged indeed beneath our standards, should have never been published. we are taking down
conspiracy theories make people feel safer. like teddy bears for babies
this story only appears in the india edition of. interesting.
they are actually late to this story. greta berlin and friends were all over it :
makes total sense that the mos sad would choose for its target the only publication that satirizes islam.
who else would do it ?
schools near siege building in dammartin-en-goele being evacuated , say officials . follow our coverage :
keep it up all officials, you are doing absolutely well on protecting the french public !
nice minute by minute covering ! i wish the rest of were covered as excellently !
mt schools near siege building in dammartin-en-goele being evacuated, say officials. ”
killed 12 the whole of europe in shock. killed 6000 ukrainians will soon mark the
no religion says u will b in heaven by killing innocent
schools near siege building in dammartin-en-goele being evacuated, say officials ”
sky news is better. good old unreliable pedophile hiring bbc always let you down 😂😂
charlie hebdo will print a million copies of its next edition with government and google help
the effect via will print 1mil copies with govt & amp ; google help
why would they do it ? to humiliate (like me) ?
because insulting people is considered freedom of speech ?
fuck you , islamist nutbags .
nice attempt at a but lacked originality. 3/10
bad trolling effort. read a book, far from atheist !
in better known as obama, lover of goats !
fuck nut bags. ” -my pic of the day ah
did you know the lama is a muslim. the pope is actually a worshiper of wotan !
he was a just like a theist he believed only he was right.
nope. he was catholic
was an atheist. ... are you 12 ?
did you know was a christian ?
you are a bigoted piece of trash
did you know that is not true ?
i think you will find he was a nazi.
not this again he was a devout catholic. read
did you know was an atheist
horrific news re charlie hebdo . people of huge courage , wit and integrity murdered by people who find those
is it brave to provoke without looking for resolutions. how do these provocations move the conversation forward ?
perhaps they also had a more machiavellian motive
bang on well said we fought a cunt called hitler who is the same ilk as these twats
extraordinary people doing an extraordinary job.
and that goes for any religion.
we cannot become like the hateful disgusting sub human individuals who did this.
a restrained and controlled response is critical from authorities and public ....
. plus two police officers who died trying to protect the journalists and others all
the worst of times can bring out the best in a lot of humanity . except the super-rich .
is operation. is a newspaper.
. and the claim-they’re-super-rich-because-they’re-a-brand ’ twats
trump of course ignores two armed policemen shot and killed. hired help, hence disposable.
the aim is prevented to europe.
: police storm hostage-taker at paris grocer
moment siege ended ... : : police storm hostage-taker at paris grocer ”
police storm hostage-taker at paris grocer ” wow !
police storm hostage-taker at paris grocer
police storm hostage-taker at paris grocer ”. exterminated
what a photo. : police storm hostage-taker at paris grocer ”
to bad could not take them alive to drag behind some smart cars
good terrorists killed ! no possibility of obama releasing them.
world leaders condemn the attack as " barbaric " , " sickening " and " intolerable " .
fuck the take action.
so that makes this then
did you seriously just show a guy being executed ? ffs no need for it.
what about people killed every day in, , etc.?
a good number of those world leaders are also guilty of barbaric, sickening and intolerable attacks.
leaders should stop capitulating to scum
i will believe it when their actions match their words. many politicians depend on the islamist vote.
again talk is cheap - what are they finally going to do about it ?
all secular journalist attacking for provoking secular terrorists. shame on cowards media can not even take terrorists
well those wacky muzzles are at it again poor misunderstood peace-lovers that they are we must hurt their feelings
yet has not decided if he will speak on it yet.
the attack is truly barbaric, sickening and intolerable. i condemn it
happy about that. did not understand why you brought it up in the first place. connard
a reliable source has confirmed to the bbc that cherif and said kouachi were on the uk warnings index “
i trust you as you have been very consistent in all you are reporting since your days.
so what did say ?
how reliable is that source ?
a lot of good that did.
on a scale from to mother teresa, how reliable is your source ?
sorry but all the story is a set up no talk
do they have a background ?
but so are thousands of people.
nah it is not though rt : this is just brilliant
terror attack on. a sad week for humanity. world global religion news
even thoughtful is a stretch
it is not though rt : this is just brilliant ”
it is really not. rt : nah it is not though rt : this is just brilliant
trash it is not though rt : this is just brilliant ”
you notice how you are supposed to ignore the racism and focus in the principal of the art
gunfire and explosions at printworks where suspects are holed up .
rt gunfire and explosions at print works where suspects are holed up.
gunfire and explosions at print works where suspects are holed up.
my fears are for the hostage. the brothers i hope are off to meet their maker
72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers
only one worthy of standing with those brave people of charlie. why say otherwise ?
l'echo one sums it up.
72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers
72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers ”
72 covers of tomorrow’s newspapers (via)
epic 72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers ”
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
they need to put a cartoon on there
72 covers for this but not other issues he promoted racism using the media and media is celebrating that
how it is racist i am confused. bigotry possibly but generally speaking they make fun of everyone
critique of the socialists defending islam ” by ex-muslim poet from
and thank you all 72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers via
every major newspaper in the world should show true solidarity and put the mohammad cartoon on there front page
rt and thank you all : 72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers via ”
rt 72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers
rt 72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers
rt 72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers ”
72 covers of tomorrow is newspapers ”
attack , now car set on fire outside synagogue - more islamist terror in ?
your tweet was featured at :
could it have been the car they were driving ?
pedophile worshipers and getting mad and murdering people. it is what they do.
must b those catholics again.
not according to just a few mentally ill muslims, nothing to do with islam
how is that immigration thing working out for you ?
awesome thanks for sharing your tweet. it is at
find them amp let them meet their god, painfully !
lets hope they get shot by a woman or arrested by women
as predicted. alive and well in a french town near you ... 2015
french parliament president declares current anti-terrorism legislat° is sufficient , opposed to new laws reacting to emotion
subscriber only link. look for “ low de programmatic military “.
i know. this is one small ray of light, hopefully it will be supported by majority.
that would be because they sneaked in legislation (pm) between xmas and new year is ...
mt fr part president declares current anti-terrorism legislation sufficient, opposed to new laws reacting to
the cartoonist is response to the attack :
ideology can be hijacked. fundamentalism often has nothing to do with religion but with authoritarianism.
no organized religion was or is entirely peaceful. remember the inquisition ?
varying degrees of interpretation of freedom, which is always relative to socioeconomic context, etc but
when we talk about terrorists this good/evil argument is the problem and avoids the fundamental questions
agreed laura. let is not fall into the typical western neo-liberal/right wing trap here.
of course it is. so powerful. (and in fact it was published in 2006
no death by but they make it clear gays are not welcome ...
tolerance will not educate or make change. quick naive judgments need more than just tolerance.
for you but the community to debate over.
sorry i should have clarified. just found it relevant enough for today is event.
there is an argument for pro-western liberal anti islam-bashing yes but its inverse also equally detectable
again the problem with your argument is that it is a blanket statement you can apply to any religion/ideology
thank god is the religion of peace, or they would have killed two dozen.
be careful your ignorance and superficial views are showing.
this is the dumbest thing i have ever seen
giving the terrorists exactly what they want. what an embarrassment to journalism !
recommended reading. hijacking of islam by the taliban “
is a wonder. the un pays lip service to her courage and cause.
you know the majority of the muslim population regularly condemn these brutal actions ?
no one hijacked islam. islam made it possible to justify horrible acts in its name ...
that made me laugh.
this quick read is gateway into right perspective towards issue i will leave it at that
i think it was made in 2012, daniel. but what a picture.
if the catholics started journalists would immediately point to the old testament and say the bible.
glib it is an atrocity and thank god the cartoonist had not upset the methodists ...
it is heavy handed but poignant nevertheless.
can not sleep tonight , thoughts with my french cartooning colleagues , their families and loved ones
powerful cartoon. mt thoughts with french cartooning colleagues, their families, loved ones ”
breathtakingly appropriate. thank you and
mullahs are n would kill entire humanity if not stopped now
actually brought a tear to my eye, that cartoon.
mt thoughts with my french cartooning colleagues ” ping
because he is in australia.
congrats on your tweet !
this is the most poignant cartoon i have seen today on
pope is it is the 8th here.
rt in support of .
this. and buy a subscription as well ! rt : rt in support of.
rt rt in support of. ”
rt in support of. ” ...
shooting , hostage situation reported in eastern paris ' porte de vincennes area , prosecutor is office says .
so sad news against humanity !
me white man give flu to native drop airstrike on dick turban ungava
my heart goes out to the families involved
but in closed eyes and shut their ears and say this is not terrorism
is your website broken i only see old posts.
my heart goes out to the families, pray for paris
if terrorism will not stop it hits anywhere. the state of israel is fighting terror
i will pray for you !! 🙏🙏🙏
the violence is endless and a scary situation.
. : we have to stop the idea that we can just let people free from gitmo
did she say it was blow back from covert operations ? um no
because covert operations have been around for yrs before this.
has it ever occurred to you that islam is a savage ideology, you leftist twit ??
wrong people lol
has it ever occurred to u to actually do some damn research instead of making wild statements
over 500 were transferred “ under pres bush
how about from the sanctions & amp ; actually locking up the wrong ppm
well ... she does have harvard in her twit name. just saying
rt then we can send obama and his commie pals there
then we can send and his commie pals there
that says it all rights there !
he is the dictator you will not admit sits in the white house.
actions have good or bad. obama and his ilk must accept those consequences.
is i am the president and i can do anything i want.
do not will stop freeing terrorists once gizmo is emptied.
ya she did ... why told her to go do some real research low
we have to impeach the president. sooner is better.
breaking : gunshots heard at printing plant northeast of paris where 2 brothers have taken a hostage .
must take these guys alive for water boarding for invaluable info.
hopefully they put these idiots who are causing so much drama down 4 good.
as a human , i condemn today is terrorist act . as a muslim , i damn those who commit
i do not trust in any muslim because you have taqiyyah in your “ religion “.
it is if you are drawing a satirical cartoon while you rape an eight year old boy.
congrats on your tweet !
i damn terrorists. i damn rapers. no link, unless you have unfortunately both perversions.
has a terrorist origin. muhammad was a fucking pedophile terrorist ...
you are understood is not that is for u go and fuck yourself
satire is not a sin leading to death
coward are you taking about coward !!! alright think twice ? who are pussies who hits with robot plain
and that is the past. now we have a problem with muslim terrorists. muslim, islamic.
but the the movement and the australian genocide were not acts of terrorism, too ?
as a i condemn satire.
the crusades were a defensive war against the muslim invaders. i do not have knowledge about the others
in are
blah blah blah. typical response from the members of the death cult called islam.
today , we are all . supports
we are all. supports ”
in the eyes of
its although. look at the signature.
in the eyes of ”
but this disgusting cartoon was done by. today he should be very happy ...
rt in the eyes of
take he says you will be the next.
held is not a man. omg stop with this nonsense
political cartoonists are mourning by retaliating the only way they know how . on pen and paper .
no. only extremist idiots kill over a cartoon.
held shooting who are the suspects ?
i particularly like the 3rd one.
and with they should be drawing muhammad
my far is the 4th one
all cartoons. all the time. until their heads explode.
only kill over a cartoon.
freedom of expression is non-negotiable - via
where are the motions then index ?
the law of do not say the truth.
are you saying free speech is absolute ? where is that happening exactly ?
terrorist murderers do not believe in it
the dignity of the prophet of islam is non negotiable
the foreign office’s union flag at half mast today . our thoughts with the french people .
good what about bomb explosion now because the culprits are atheists ?
the flag looks upside down.
the foreign office’s union flag at half mast today our thoughts with the french people
congratulations on writing a great uk gov tweet. (ranked 7th for jan 8. )
it would be offensive to laugh at racism or crime, why not respect the faith ?
back to planning regime change
the foreign office’s union flag mast2day. our thoughts w/t french ppm
why should the union flag be at half mast ? this is ridiculous & amp ; pathetic !
breaking : terrorists attended radical mosque in paris
terrorists attended radical mosque paris
i think it is time the french let loose the legion on these muslim invader armholes.
send me the correct one.
let them loose in the no go areas with a license to kill that is all these pricks understand
that last link in your piece is not right.
thanks chubby for the laugh ... ya always come through for us. lol
is it news if no one is surprised ?
mt terrorists attended radical mosque in paris
think a country that has been invaded would have guns ?
a mosque for these people clearly can not be muslim cut howard dean said so
slow motion video of shooting look no blood ...
should burn that fucking mosque to the ground and piss on the ashes
" as with 9/11 , most french residents will remember for a long time where they were on january 7
most artists will remember even if they are not french
how can you compare 12 dead to 3,000 dead ?
you can not compare the two events. ever. /11
baby photo contest are you voted offline publications tweet thank you
very very sad our condolences from the team of third_point_vantage
it is very sad they have to join that group.
and with a hundred of thousands innocent victims because of negligence of humanity.
the got a taste of their own medicine and did not like it.
indeed. these things become a part of who we are.
. staff observe minute of silence at headquarters for the victims of
throw all moles out of france if they are not law abides
throw out unruly moles from france
stunning. the staff at their hq in paris. via ”
wow stunning. the staff at their hq in paris. via ”
stunning. the staff at their hq in paris. via ” wow
i strongly condemn this barbaric attack as a turkish muslim
staff observe minute of silence at headquarters for the victims of ”
staff observe minute of silence at headquarters for the victims of v
. staff observe minute of silence at hq for the victims of
stunning. the staff at their hq in paris. via
this is how the world is cartoonists responded to the attack :
rt how the world is cartoonists responded to the attack :
half the people commenting on this does not know what he sews means ......
how the world is cartoonists responded to the attack : ”
this is how the world is cartoonists responded to the attack : i love this !
children among at least six people taken hostage at kosher store , reports say .
what is the world coming to
very carefully i shall says this only once michelledubois
rt children among at least six people taken hostage at kosher store. ”
this is unbelievable what is happening with society these days
how much more poor 😔
dear god i pray to protect them. innocent go to heaven the angry guilty are already in hell
praying for the safety of the hostages.
mt reports children among at least 6 people hostage at kosher store
i know denying us the pleasure of knowing how many is bad form
the gunmen are already in hell so cannot be martyrs.
rt children among hostages at kosher store.
lives too
time to stop ' ' around with these people. move in and the buggers.
breaking : hebdo to be published next week in defiance of attack , with contributions from cartoonists from around the
i just took a subscription to through … walk the talk, all you folks !
this is great response. icing on the cake would be reprinting the shariah held cartoons as well.
the pen is mightier than the sword . cartoonists respond to terror in france
very good. particularly the last one. excellent group
fine cartoonists respond to terror in france ”
the pen is mightier - ...?
thanks for sharing you are now featured on
10:28 am charlie hebdo account mocks isis leader , wishing him " good health and best wishes "
goodbye nice knowing you.
why blindly obey their read here :
the algerian muslim editor - killed in the attack - nobody knows about : moustapha ourrad .
now we do. thanks.
. that is due to selective reporting.
and provocative satire carries a death sentence ? fundamentalism does not split hairs.
the editor - killed in the attack : moustapha our rad. ”
so b a better hash tag where anythings could b discussed not just peace
reminds me of the assassination of algerian academics & amp ; intellectuals by fundamentalists in the 1990s
those acid camp were for freedom of speech charlie was thriving on provocative satire.
the editor killed in the attack nobody knows about : moustapha our rad. ”
" i prefer to die standing than to live on my knees " charb , editor of killed today
very sad ... strength to families who lost their loved ones. rip
noble life of a tiger rather than sheep. but foolhardy ? need smarter way to challenge extremism
terrorist killings at are a barbaric crime in the name of islam . but lampooning core beliefs of islam is
oh but lampooning beliefs is very much pk freedom ? okbye
pretty sure you will blame rape victims for not wearing burial now. shut up.
yes it is. that sinking feeling in your stomach is called “ cowardice. “
sir who made u the judge of what constitutes reporting n “ core values of islam “
god is not that weak. has a sense of humor. so why not ?
. good that you have removed all the doubts officially today.
what core beliefs tell me !
why not freedom cannot be subject to terms and conditions ...
ran. pk he vi shay me kay vicar the ??
your bad only it is religion of piss low
. what is that core belief sir ???
charb who was assassinated today : " the kurds defend us all " . rest in peace brother .
is minds not islamic, do not blame muslims, etc
when i read about galileo i understood everything about religion ! so what than ?
what would the world say if, for instance, all attacks were done by russians ? russofobia ?
of are so please stu ...
may bless his soul.
i meant all attacks done by ' islamist '
its hard to hear the truth ...
r suffered more than any nation. read ply about it v. 6-11
eh what the fuck does russians got to do with it ?
most are still what they suffered from is islamist fascism.
is not a religion of peace, but rather a cult of satan
not fall into their trap ...
you are a fucking asshole, scumbag block time do not need to hear you bullshit
how the terrorist attack unfolded :
murder most foal shot like a mad dog pleading for life !
police officer be killed on picture.
please respect the police officers family and remove this photo ....
get that picture taken down you tactless bastards.
how the terrorist attack unfolded : ”
where was his service pistol ?
. the people with guns caused two police deaths. stop victim-blaming.
you will show this image yet pixilated a cover shot of in case it offends. fucking cowards.
there is only one thing happening in that picture and it is murder. despicable and cowardly killing.
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
it is unbelievable .... i can not believe you published a video of the execution ....
do we really need to see this ? respect the family and take it down
freedom on expression is important but by magazine actions caused 2 police deaths. very wrong
how the terrorist attack unfolded : ”
charlie hebdo editor stéphane charbonnier said he would rather " die standing than live on my knees . "
the liberty of the individual must be limited he should not make himself a nuisance to others.
the new art works by yvonne trainer gallery on the hoe 7th jan 2015
that kind of thought is a heartbeat away from tyranny & amp ; oppression.
the new art works by yvonne trainer gallery on the hoe 7th jan 2015
that is great no surrender to this coward
2016 is going to be our best year. vote for donald trump.
that is the correct answer !
be careful what you wish for.
response to horrific murders should be to protect civil liberties not limit them . not an excuse for more mass
i don’t think legislation helps, if that’s what you’re asking. i think it’s 100% wrong.
did not stop the though. what would help with that aspect ?
the tragedy is that allowing the next attack will bring inevitably the far right to power. inevitable ?
sad that people are using as an excuse to push more surveillance. that is not the answer.
you think increased surveillance is the sensible consequence ? (i expect i misunderstand your objection. )
stand in solidarity with fight for free speech.
if there are only a few lone voices exercising these freedoms, they make easy and symbolic targets.
i favor freedom but i do not see how more freedom would reduce the chances of such a thing
if you kill men for making fun of your ideas , you need to rethink your ideas .
agreed. but why men “ ?
thank you perceptive ....... and would not the world be a better place if ...
perhaps they were not killed for this reason at all
judge hushes up an is link to al-qadi in hearing into bugging case …
is terrorist scum executes injured police man in .
is will love being part of it. so they will gladly accept that on them ...
terrorist scum executes injured police man in. look !
we have no confirmation it is ...
for sure they gained experience in syria or iraq, they executed wounded man with cold blood.
great post why not post on proximity based travel network ?
sure it is could it be some other jihads group perhaps ?
how should they be punished ? death is just not enough ....
have 500 jihads from and iraq returned to france ?
charlie hebdo , we love you
yanks false flag artists since boston tea party.
so print the exact front cover - all newspapers, satirical mags - on the same day
my new favorite magazine. rt charlie held, we love you
the new world we live in
the new world we live in ”
sad but true mt : the new world we live in
when collapse happen soon there will be pocket of conflicts all over europe/middle east
when we place war against each other the ruling class win every time
fuck you have killed painters hahahaahaahahahahahahahah
amp also u can not even think any doubt about.
the new world we live in ”
the new world we live in ”
rt the new world we live in
this cartoon is now my twitter header ... it so had to be done 😂✌️
with weapons sold to them
on the darkest of days , like this , the french philosopher voltaire perhaps say it best :
this was actually penned by someone who wrote a biography on voltaire ... not voltaire himself
read it is great.
i do not agree with religion but i will defend the right to luck it in the ass
except never said that ....
never say that this quote was invented by e.b. hall in 1906.
white terrorists are amentally ill ' , while brown terrorists are ' islamic assassins ' .
that is a great tweet. well thought out, well expressed and very worth thinking about
say in not so sally
would not it depends on what motivated the violence ? is not it all a mental illness ?
terrorism targets people. sabotage targets assets. propaganda targets lemmings.
i am pretty sure there is a crazy fuckers union for all of them !
he is muslim and he is not a terrorist
i am about to cry this is so sad
all true are no terrorists ! terrorists are those who interpret the koran false !
he is and he is not a terrorist ” this broke my heart
why should involve zany he was innocent. pity zany 😢
he is really 😱♥️
is not a terrorist neither are muslims leave them alone
i am but i am not terrorist !
these are the most hurtful words anyone can receive.
been watching uk news all morning , seen no mention of multiple attacks on mosques in france after yesterday
he said multiple attacks on mosques. these are criminal acts beyond just islamaphobia. absurd to argue otherwise
the is a response to islamism like yesterday is massacre. cartoons do not deserve death.
maybe the media considers that to be a rational reaction to the events so not worth reporting
really hard to find it on news website too
was not that sent just now ?
err attacks would not happen if far-right thugs did not decide to punish muslims collectively.
flicked over to rt and they are the only news channel discussing it. disgusting really.
if a ' ' kills ppm, churches are not attacked. does not make sense
no news of that here in australia either.
looking at the stream they are talking about it right now, if that helps ?
i really do not think its anything to do with that. humans naturally suspicious of foreigners ... everywhere
12 people are and your concerned with ' islamaphobia '. blame the terrorists not the french.
shocking but not unexpected ! does not fit the narrative !
yes. saw it just after your tweet.
snipers , helicopters turn french town dammartin-en-goele into warzone . photo : dominique faget
surely some of your war correspondents would disagree.
en list vs publications. c'est damage/ i do not understand these pictures. you help the two brothers
the response to should be to reprint his work and spread it wider than his killers could have thought possible
i bet too many media outlets are afraid for themselves to do this.
which makes those that do so disgusting and lacking in actual faith.
you are comparing rape and murder to drawing a picture. really ? disgraceful.
a ridiculous example and in very poor taste. “ teasing “ does not warrant murder. agree ?
like i responds without knowing the facts. lots of knee jerking methinks
. evidently needs to do some research, is a magazine, not a person
just tell this imbecile that jews been characterized by others all the time but they do not slaughter
which is their problem to resolve, not the critics. time people grew a backbone.
or all sons of abraham,
grow up you backward its 2015 not 1015. you tell em louise
the people who did this were not true muslims.
lets just end this in this way respect my religion i will respect us and i again condemn this
u rape someone and then ask them nt to slap u
held was very critical of jews and israel
fair play to for her support for monsieur held.
and give all satirists licenses.
what is my religion exactly ? i do not ask you to respect any of my crazy unfounded beliefs
i am a son of brenda and phil.
anyways it was a nice debate ! at the end “ respect my religion i will respect us “
so can not you take a little of humor with your bile ?
problem is there are morons who do just that to justify running about with ak47s.
we did not kill for free speech he is prophet mohamed “ is the prophet mohammad ?
yes they were. no true scotsman fallacy.
that is why i said read duran.
we did not kill for free speech he is prophet mohamed
you would struggle to bash my religion.
fuck you i have reprinted. what are you going to do ?
reprint and we will re kill until you respect our prophet ”
neither would i kill u if bash my religion
even web whose symbol uses condemned this. he is just
i respect all religions. i also can see satire for what it is.
if only they would read the duran instead of killing people in its name.
depends which bit they read.
and i would not kill you if you did.
then it will become the wildest dream to bring peace in the world
i know believe me i do not equate him and muslims or islam
nor should we really need to think about a redefinition of our notion of offense,
then what about the killing of more than 5000 innocent people killed in american drone attacks
start by re tweeting this louise, or are you really a muslim apologist ?
blasphemy laws imply that an all-powerful god is incapable of defending itself. this clearly makes blasphemy laws blasphemous
never. they need to grow up.
nothing says worship me “ like the threat of death.
every paper in front page.
. people mocking your belief is not a problem unless you choose to make it one.
that is what and has attracted a very strange set of respondents.
what is belief i mean r u an atheist, christian or what ????
have i fathered button or something ?
what does that have to do with some french journalists ?
be she is a good sort i think, just misled.
every newspaper etc should have their work on the front page tomorrow !
not knowing the facts does not bother ms mensch
reprint and we will re kill until you respect our prophet, like you respect the zionism or jews
which only serves to show their insecurities over their own faith.
12 shocking covers from muhammad to michael jackson
why what makes (or any other prophet) so special ? my point exactly :
it would not be as offensive as publishing a caricature of the prophet muhammad.
the problem is with the people that take offense. they are clearly mentally unstable.
and the bigger man is not provoked
nobody forces to read charlie held, why should freedom of speech be limited on their account ?
and how would that be satire ? again, satire & lt ; & gt ; hate speech/provocation.
but we are not do not you get that ?
because they are and serve only to inflame tensions. have some respect.
think i missed the joke on the lawsuit bit, but otherwise i completely agree with you there.
except unlike men with automatic weapons, is not an act of non-peace.
the cartoons are designed to be as provocative as possible, as you are well aware.
not really. but what i am saying is the killings do not retrospectively justify the provocations.
absolutely wrong. it is codified in islam that depictions of god or the prophet are forbidden.
12 shocking covers from muhammad to michael jackson ” click bait !
the offended have the problem. they could choose not to be.
people really need to get a grip. all religion deserves to ridicule.
satirizing violent religious beliefs is not “ shocking “. the beliefs themselves are shocking.
not sure about banning but just because something is legal does not make it moral.
i never said he was. but i am glad you can recognize their similarities.
regardless of i think it is wrong to republish offensive caricatures of the prophet muhammad.
so shove this where the sun does not shine ...
evolution is ' way over the line of acceptability ' for creationists, should we stop teaching it ?
got shock it ai not here.
imagine nothing to kill or die for and no religion too imagine all the people living life in peace ..
a reasonable call to sanity - but where can one see signs of it happening ?
thank i mean it.
and i am napoleon.
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
please rt download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages -
armed. is funded. pushing to join fake war on terror.
following the attack , three quarters of you say the media should publish satirical religious cartoons .
the cause of what happened yesterday was religion. dead simple.
like to use the beaten wife ' you made me do it!' excuse.
it is not right to let them win
was there such attack in paris, caused by religion - before yesterday attack ?
satirical have someone takes good look at the full meaning of the word satirical ' ?
no it was not. they have been publishing christian cartoons for years and years.
stop creating things that could elevate others anger - the result of what happened yesterday
of speech✋😒
dead but was triggered by the publication
exposing human folly to ridicule
they should stop making attacks they are giving a bad image to islam
such a disgusting cop and this deflection of acceptance is the reason islamaphobia will thrive
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
we are we know the truth. thanks for sporting islam ... 😘
journalists in beijing gather for photo . police are not pleased ( afp )
but no one gave half a shit about the still missing african girls. right ?
the best and comedian in france is banned because he was not mocking islam
great demonstration of solidarity ! how many out of how many in beijing were there ?
journalists in gather for photo. (eight)
man compares the prophet to a dog ! he prays for his forgiveness ; has him buried in his own
dude you made me laugh
woman criticizes ' ' who has her butchered in sleep whilst suckling her kids
burn in hell you scumbag ...
insulted by poet. he orders poet killed.
man draws a picture of the prophet. 12 people dies in his name.
.... you really need to discuss this with and
was not a bad guy either -
fake stories with no sourcing to mislead gullible and whitewash islam ....... lying is only defense for islamist
the eiffel tower will go dark at 8 p.m. local time in paris in remembrance of the charlie hebdo victims
dark at time in remembrance of the victims
we should all join in !
god blesses for the dead. now i am scaring mulish 😟😟
will you print images or remain cowards ?
in we have been remembering him for past twelve months with no electricity. 😞
vive la a musical tribute to the victims and for freedom :
there is reaction to every action
real muslims have never seen , and cannot see as a way for solving their problems . ***
real have never and cannot see as a way for solving their problems. ***
real have never and cannot see as a way for solving their problems. ***
a picture says more than a thousand words .
war profiteers x would in. pushing to join war on terror video sgt ; & gt ;
it is a drawing of hope, not of facts.
but is what this picture says actually true ? who in fact is wiping out whom ?
seven great cartoon responses to the killings :
i am grateful you shared these comics.
mt great responses to killings /which were paid for unlike ...
if indian media is standing for & amp ; freedom of speech , lets ask them to publish the said
are you serious the are secular !!
and maybe mph is paintings too while we are at it ? what say ? freedom of expression
report cartoonists died due to dehydration from drawing cartoons not terror attacks ! is it real ?
or let air make a film about this if he dares !!
if is born to a decent family, he should. gopd one
from some comments i can see that media cannot pull wool over people is eyes.
forget it media digs only where it is wet.
air traffic controllers end atis message with " i am charlie "
fantastic. rt air traffic controllers end message with “ i am charlie “
great post why not post on proximity based travel network ?
cartoons drawn for held :
cartoons drawn for held :
this made me have a little sob ... : ' -/
cartoons drawn for held :
cartoons drawn for held :
among those killed in shooting : the editor-in-chief , a graphic artist and at least one police officer
their agenda was not for their prophet - they are self-serving murderous individuals.
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
two police officers 4 ch staff + ...
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
your tweet is now featured on my * bump it *
shocking. extra sad that a fellow graphic artist was among those killed.
prayers for supports freedom of the press !
sack the the editor-in-chief, gerard board, was in london and escaped the attack.
this was a commando style attack ! wonder where they were trained ?
the paris killers are dead . stuff them , posed as a charlie hebdo cover , and put ' em
the or the ?
hang them from the tower first
do not u get it david ? they a dime a dozen.
that would probably work better at the pompadour, actually.
hope you are being sarcastic.
dude there-yes !
very. and even more sick of it.
heard of a fellow who had it rights. vlad, i think his name was ....
no it makes you a human being !
stuffed with pig parts and kissing dogs.
feed them to pigs.
very creative. i like it.
wake up , it is real .
we invited them in time to invite them out !
do you have a link for that ?
. good point excellent in fact ! now i understand the war on them and.!!!!!
coincidence this attack happened after france went anti-zion and voted up palestinian statehood ? lol not
you are smoking too much ganja, you are getting paranoid.
up to 24,809 now :
savagely murdering innocent people brings only shame , not honor . monsters .
oh shit laden is last words
tomorrow many newspapers will bring pictures of the fucking prophet muhammad sucking the cock of a goat.
cowards hide behind masks so much for peaceful religion
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
cowardly to shoot unarmed civilians. too bad for them americans fight back.
that is why should be kicked out of europe.
they do not think like we do. you know this.
savagely murdering innocent people brings only shame, not honor. monsters. ”
time to bring back day :
if i condemn the attack , that does not mean i support charlie hebdo , and if i condemn charlie
the risk is decided by the audience. if they stop paying then you stop working.
well obviously not considering you are siding with the terrorists and not those expressing free speech.
standing up for inoffensive speech is pointless. having free speech means standing up for all speech
by having never harmed anyone in my life you unbelievable fool.
then consider it as ..... a job hazard ? 😆
what love of bacon and gay rights ?
no they do not. they are publishing political cartoons and you are too dim to see their messages
and until you realize that, you will never be accepted in the west.
apparently you prefer offensive speech over moral decency. thus the instigation did.
just letting you know why it is that publishing offensive cartoons is ok in paris and not in riyadh
are you fucking serious making fun of ideologies is the cornerstone of free speech.
yes. that is exactly what i am fighting for. that is what free speech is
one party was a group of cartoonists expressing their right to free speech you insufferable cunt
you need to educate yourself before hastily arguing like this. silly claim.
my i condemn all form of extremism be it east or the west.
you lost the argument the moment you threw that generalization in. pity
ethics fascism dictates that. there is no ideology that is above satirizing or offending.
expected nothing more from an atheist like yourself. atta boy. 😏
are you targeting the gay community now ?
i do not care if the guy who is defending the terrorists thinks i am irrational sorry
thank you for diminishing any influence your tweets may have had with utter hate and ignorance.
freedom of speech is right to offend since non-offensive speech needs no protection ! islam is responsible 100%
at least in the west that is how it works, i do not know about pakistan
abuse discriminate they were cartoons satirizing an ideology, not a personal attack
the cartoonists were not being extremist by publishing cartoons. they were doing their jobs.
no matter how misaligned they are. thus extremism is rooting on both sides by some individuals only.
all of those things are absolutely true
the other was a group of rampaging savages letting their sand god dictate their actions
i would actually like to see it and even pay you if your drawing is any good 😆 .
my sympathies at your idiocy and irrationality.
oh lord i am condemning both parties for the fiasco. both parties believe staunchly in their ideologies
you believe the cartoonists were at fault for publishing cartoons, not the terrorists for being murderers.
offending their religion is pathetic. just do not do it in the first place.
in your own the cartoons were an attempt to abuse and discriminate.
they did you the jews and christians did not try to murder them
you lost the argument the moment you cared more about people is feelings than expressing free speech.
cartoonists publishing cartoons is not poking you. they are allowed to take offense and lampoon your beliefs.
and you are saying we should capitulate to that violence ? that we should not print anything offensive ?
show me this cartoon you think is discriminatory ? there was none
then why go after judaism, christianity, buddhism etc ?
some things deserve to be offended and mocked and ridiculed, like your faith in my opinion.
sad as the incident terrorism goes both ways and should realize that.
6 days after charlie hebdo is 2011 firebombing , it ran an image of a cartoonist kissing a jihadi ,
sorry not correct but 1000 % correct. thanks for it
and then they went on to spread more islamophobic hate.
empty lip service all a facade of paper cache '
should have known better than to slander islam.
that racism coverage is as shallow as france itself,...
breaking : is exploding with support for .
hope those people pull the arms and legs off those cowards !
just hope that does not swing into an overwhelming le pen support ...
amazing breaking is exploding with support for. ”
paris attack : nothis is the worst act of terrorism in france for 50 years '
in your case i do not need to but thanks for your wisdom.
how are your socialist multiculturalism policies coming along france ? really ? what a shame
after the 1962 missile crisis, then came : … … and … …
you do not remember 1995
happens in almost daily. no outcry it occurs there ?! maybe the world will see now ...
63 drills since 93 where = actual terrorist explosion
your flag on your picture sums you up you champagne socialist. i hope they behead you first
liberal immigration amp ; lack of crackdown paris
. irrational hate is rooted in ignorance. learn the facts before you open your mouth.
vigils held around the world - in pictures ( pic : e castro-mendivil/reuters )
you are awesome for talking to me which is why is important, otherwise hatred would prevail.
u people have no justice. charlie held is responsible for this. although killing can not be legitimized
yanks. in stinks of cia/nato ‘ dirty war ’ op.
in the west we live by i heard offensive prophet jokes from muslims in muslim countries
i am but i am an american first. die islam just die,
amazing response from around the world. solidarity carries people through. terror breeds division
major religions ridicule my - they should be legally bound to shut up or face prison.
send me link to read
but the billionaire weapons dealers who live among you would object so they fund the violence which enables israel
where was your opinion when israel army murdered 17 journalists ???
you can not speak freely here if you say others are not entitled to do the same.
police officers at hold a moment of silence to remember those killed in the attack
get him off this is not the day to debate this have some respect !
may those killed by evil terrorists r.i.p
did u know it is a crime to use remote neural monitoring implants without someone is consent
my religion do not teach killing innocent
will they issue firearms to these sitting ducks ?
and then get back to suppressing free speech ...
not racist but “ stigmatizing and alienating.
how media spreads hate for islam & amp ; muslims
are the police allowed to use remote neural monitoring technology on the public for years
i am a victim of this cuber attack and i need help
muslimophobic “ let the bad ones go but do not let them back #
anjem choudary claims : amuslims do not believe in freedom of speech ' after attack
i will have one tonight then please
is that why he has a limp ?
he can not be if he behaves they way he does.
might be my own prejudice but you never hear from moderate muslims the media only pander to extremists
he should be forced to eat bacon and drink whiskey whilst watching gay porn
kosher slaughter does not permit animals to be tortured first.
. extremists do not believe in freedom of speech.
he can not complain if he is told to shut the fuck up then.
send him back to he will love it there.
actually his constituency is tiny ... only the media lend him any platform for his moronic viewpoints
cause unfortunately he seems to have the ear of many !
we do not believe in sharia or halal slaughter !
only true would be peaceful and he is definitely not peaceful.
why give that waste of space any credence ?
the government seems terrified to do anything about this racist hate preacher !
probably too busy taking our benefits, health care & amp ; education
invent the kosher veggie burger and make your fortune. where is your entrepreneurial spirit ?!
he tried a lot of that when he was younger.
i am fairly sure he was nowhere near limp yesterday ...
the acceptable slaughter is hardly humane.
its not a it is a system to change humanity into coward
what country would want him ? i bet even isis can not stand him.
this unemployed asshole should be deported for hate crimes.
you have a good idea and some sod has the patent
while the west fought foreign wars we ignored the threat from within our own societies says ukip leader
time to fight back stand up to these lunatics
we neglected our self and encouraged a 5th column. the shame of the left
very obvious now and barn door still wide open. duh !
forget all that .... let is kill a fox. . ra ra. .
down with the and their ira !
we have ignored the threat of skip for far too long.
you are totally correct when you describe the 5th column among st us.
meaning to refuse to debate for fear of losing “
been here since before the london bombings .........
pearl of wisdom. from a tax avoiding fox killing twat
even before hebdo killings , in many places journalism had become a life-threatening proposition .
good article. as a writer i thought of this myself.
yes i know. but his information was relied upon by journos. is exposing wrongdoing wrong ?
so satire is journalism i knew you guys made stuff up.
can not honestly connect killed at for what they wrote to journos dying for what they report
because journalists should say the truth without taking positions or shut up forever
places like for example
depends on your definition of “ journalist. “ snowden never claimed to be one.
even before journalism had become a life-threatening proposition for some. ”
that is not true places ') .
the right 2 draw muhammad without being shot is as precious to many of us as muhammad is to the
let is see how many broadcasters have the balls to show the cartoon on tv.
any murder is but there is epidemic of male violence (incl suicide)
it is not. plainly.
it is not the first terrorist attack in france since the war.
is victims were innocent indeed. rip
it is very complicated how above mentioned racist misogyny is protected by white freedom of speech
really more atheist people died then peaceful muslim people in last 10 years ?
thats so what. that does not disprove anything. you are a racist by definition. annoyingly.
quite. the war ended 70 years ago.
also enslaved each other. and sold slaves to whites. do not be naive.
compare to who killed 150x more civilians than isis
no idea why i am tagged into this but can it please stop ?
you do not have to even answer the people who have zero iq.
some mothers insist on female genital mutilation, does not prove they profit fr it
no it is a nightmare. they were innocent. rip
so you think this killing was justified ?!?
so then how are white people privileged
s it is to shoot dead 12 people for drawing a cartoon is it ?
if white people are privileged then you are admitting they were better than everyone else.
you know the then ?
white people are rich and educated (good) but deny their privilege of white supremacy
was an internal racist too, had to change race to white, it is global
may innocents rest in peace.
is a barbaric political death cult and should be banned from planet earth.
agreed much love to you today. much love to us all.
privilege has little to do with the freedom to make fun of a religion.
mock me my love ones but not my prophet (peace be upon him) never ever.
do not be mocking ' is not a terrorist action
the attack is but this is misogyny + racism
indeed. unless you are saying that the victims of today is attack were not innocent ?
a practicing criminal lawyer to b honest
today is victims were innocent indeed. rip
off course they were innocents. killing an innocent is like killing humanity.
whites and profited from slavery
here is come calling it worst in 40 years, compare to assad
i think you really need to mug up a bit on your post-war french history.
you are details are not in yet on the attack. thanks !
himself started his beginning by mocking pagan religion, do not bullshit dumb fuck
cannot with any other is totally intolerant yet demands tolerance !
any ideology where there is an element of conversion/missionary is problematic.
this white man found and india among most racists
not really. not in the going-around-killing-people sense of no terrorist '.
none of that is real. you are just a racist like most people.
on skin color does not define intelligence
as a muslim , i absolutely refuse to apologize for this terrorist act . but as a muslim , i
preaching is for god people. i will stick with talking sense.
who decide what is wisdom what is wisdom in your eyes might in my thinking its ignorance
look at this god and say, “ how weak that he can not withstand satire “
a bad pr i do not care what others think. reality is superior to pr.
why you did not do it
is razor. conspiracy theories are intellectually lazy
and she highlighted it to say she rejected it.
if country make any law for there country according to what they believe its there democratic right
your tweet on creation is my quote of the day on my radio show in the us today
there is no god wake up.
every country have right to make their own law according to there religion or there culture so muslim also
not seem to get it. but that is fine.
she really is not you know, but she is more than capable of telling you that herself
oh really how do you know that ? try some psychology. perception milan.
laws against killing make sense. religion is not required.
is not it a direct injunction by the said god to kill infidels and apostates ?
well to the point !!
obligated then some cans think that we can use this logic ? what happened in 9/11 ??
who do u have to apologize to and why would your apology be needed
not only that but like ... ash never mind
well keep it up dear every one free to believe, you believe nothing we believe something
tell me your argument what your belief ?
i would feel the need to defend my belief from what was tainting it.
the western people always demand muslims to apologize for something we did not commit
exactly. what are apologies for after the deed has been done !
that only makes sense to people that have sense.
so you are suggesting we should listen to terrorist threats lest they terrorize us. goodbye freedom.
it is madness. those guys were warned too and still did it.
it does not mean any induveduel decide himself and start killing,
do you think or you just doubt on others thinking
these attacks against civilians also incur a wrath of vengeance unfortunately against muslims, most being innocents.
what bothers me is the puppet holder. who did danıştay attack in turkey ? think that too.
anti-terror police close in on suspects in tiny french village
massive manhunt underway for terror suspects
get the bastards the deader the better
f and these evil bastards. i am armed. come and get me.
obviously not u nut jobs ....
massive manhunt underway for terror suspects
just typical citizen a fm ***** ignorant redneck, go fm ** yourself media slave 😏
how were those two radicalized ? what mosque did they attend in france ?
massive manhunt underway for terror suspects
people who have actually died of being offended : 0 people who have died because others were offended : far
can we count the bullied young kids that committed suicide has being offended and died ?
being bullied is not the same as being offended.
actually make that offending every major belief system
i am seriously thinking all supporters of free speech should launch an annual holiday aimed at offending every religion
brilliant cartoons continue to emerge in wake of attack . this one via
brilliant cartoons continue to emerge in wake of attack. this one via ”
brilliant cartoons continue to emerge in wake of attack. this one via ”
clever brilliant cartoons continue to emerge in wake of attack. this one via ”
these cartoons are brilliant and must be preserved to remind us that liberty/freedom of expression indispensable
rt brilliant cartoons continue to emerge in wake of attack. this one via
brilliant cartoons continue to emerge in wake of attack. this one via ”
brilliant cartoons continue to emerge in wake of attack. this one via ”
the magazine will be published next wednesday as usual says magazine lawyer . print run : 1 million copies .
agree i want to buy one too.
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
whose the just out of curiosity ?
cause suspending operations would be an act of cowardice ?
if you are for free speech then this is for you support buy it now
french cartoonists charb , cabu , tignous and wolinski all killed in charlie hebdo attack
is punishing for supporting palestine or just coincidence ? israeli owned mm will have field day today.
at least 12 killed in shooting at office of french satirical : charlie held
a an apologist lefties cunt
rt recent publication held widely criticized for being overly pro palestinian pro muslim
then mission accomplished. others such as this one have been expecting their retaliation.
so he deserved it for making a cartoon ?
i think you will find all religions have loony people killing in the name a higher power.
not sure had anything to do with the events in paris today.
you never see any killing anyone when people take the piss
its cute how they have you to appease them, you are a fucking cunt
how he made a cartoon ?
i know they would and did, does that mean they deserved it, yes or no ?
not cab oh no.
so publishing a cartoon warrants him being killed ?
when his magazine took the piss out of brits the other year none tried to kill him
appeasing terrorists will get you killed you fucking loon, it was a cartoon
france raises national alert system to highest level after attack at charlie hebdo hq
were talking about not the us.
i just is one of the last nations that i would think would do one.
we got a video in france ... they are not human they are more than horrible monster ...
yea but you never know this day and age
not all governments are that corrupt.
possible police state over haul for the new year ?
i am so scared it is a false flag
governments will do anything but i hope it is not the world does not need it right now
no i mean a false flag for france
leader attends party congress in central turkey …
judge hushes up an is link to al-qadi in hearing into bugging case …
shooting : gunmen still at large , manhunt underway - live updates
shooting gunmen at large, manhunt underway - ” mt
freedom of leads to freedom of murder.
shocked and appalled. nothing can justify attack against
is cancer to entire world, all countries must be islam free except middle east
next time the will think twice whether to vote for terrorist palestine
shooting gunmen still at large, manhunt underway - live updates ”
your obviously an absolute fucking tosser !!
rt shooting gunmen still at large, manhunt underway - live updates ”
above us only sky .
the amount of retards .....
may not need religion but plenty of people have been killed in the name of one god or another
it is a good one !
. on what we know about the suspects in the attack .
absolutely a hoax see proof here -
no what not clicking a link you suggest. what is a hoax ?
i i am so sick of this fake cnn news. the world is waking up !
your tweet makes my page better :
please , rt ! attack : the next chapters ! via
wants his guns back. back to roots of wwii
the joke of the year ! charlie fought against racism and discrimination
disappointment but anyway you also have freedom of speech !
we talk about religious fundamentalism. when we will talk about atheistic extremism ?
you disgusting bigot. fought against racism and discrimination. they stand for minorities, muslims also
again this is stupid mocked zionists and nationalists even more than stupid jihadists
are you sure for the convenient minorities, maybe. you should think again
rt attack : the next chapters ! via ”
when people start being murdered in the name of atheism, i guess.
i love this to the point.
rt attack : the next chapters ! via ”
even if this attack was a revenge for someone why would they speak his name at the end
you obviously do not know them, do you read french ? they are left wing humanists against fascism
like it is the most obvious thing to be notice why would i carry my id
top editor in qatar urges muslims ‘ not to apologize ’ for
top editor in qatar urges muslims ‘ not to apologize ’ for ”
let the keep buying more real estate and banks in eu. time for a reality check
at least a consistent position for, with its and headquarters.
take the fight world cup off the routers.
what more u can ask for when a secular announces award to these killers
and this later for haven of kabul hiya hussein and tear lovers abused hindu devi intently
top editor in qatar urges muslims ‘ not to apologize ’ for
top editor in qatar urges muslims'not to apologize’for
george orwell : “ if liberty means anything at all , it means the right to tell people what they
agree with the but i rather be “ killed with a pen “.
i would rather die old in my bed in a peaceful world where everyone loves each other
hats off to you sir. great word.
true. but still not a reason to murder ... (at least in my opinion)
free speech is often the excuse to be offensive & amp ; disrespectful. sadly.
the problem they refuse to listen anyway.
neither islam nor multiculturalism to blame for bloody attack - un human rights chief
2000 people were slaughtered yesterday in nigeria by book harm islamic. not islam again, right ?
we will win.
by itself is
this is really that should tell you something.
do some factual unbiased research then we can chat
pathetic cowardly bullshit. has no place in western secular democracy.
. megalomania rules ! the bbc is the same !
prove it i will never believe a zionist.
are you saying that 21st century terrorism is not the prevailing domain of muslims ?
i will not argue with you because you are stubborn and close-minded.
i studied our history too well. jewish people has no history or land.
right. probably already a member.
copy amp paste in ur google. oh that is israeli tech invade ur boycotting fyi
the majority were why would they give it to the non arab jews ? bs !
you study based lies. with no evidence only links.
ignorant you are the one who just said go join isis ?
i study amp ; muslim history. smart people get informed of factual history
historical not arabic
of course nothing to do with islam
millions of innocent families in palestine bombed by israel. judaism ?
post was called post, hebrew
fucking go back to shit hole europe and leave palestine.
is to be blamed period. fools at the un may not see it that way.
video : helicopter understood to have landed on roof of siege building during raid
i so pray that they are captured and the whole situation is brought to rest
so glad it is over and the hostage came out alive and well.
my thoughts are with the french tonight
the moving tributes to the victims of the charlie hebdo shooting
they polarize the homeless and people with limited education and 1-
the moving tributes to the victims of the charlie held shooting ”
if it is okay if they left their homes and sought refuge in them to you3-
or the holding of any in their homelands and their religion is their obedience and plain brainwashed2-
i know i have seen it, typical faisal innit
the moving tributes to the victims of the charlie held shooting “ & lt ; amazing
solidarity with mass posting charlie hebdo cartoons 2 pm today uk time …
yes they are blinded by the bullshit of religion
the rape of woman being treated as objects etc, all teachings
well you are certainly not among those making even half intelligent its
but i agree that throwing the term ' racist ' about is just as damaging at times.
there is a problem with islam within many of our communities is not racist
and yet i know so many muslims who fit in just fine.
it is doctrines ref women and animal welfare prove it 2/2
that feels like a pretty hollow and speculative statement to me. at best.
spot on. needs to be modernized
today its past 3pm
absolutely right. but the word racist is thrown about freely nowadays. recognising
do not be silly. the definition of racism has evolved as a necessity.
people who attribute fringe behavior to any religion or ethnic group are racist.
within thankfully the majority do not take it as face value
is incompatible with western society 1/2
incorrect use of ' racism ' stifles debate.
i remember this lily lizard being taken for a ride
no it is not. so simplistic and misguided.
political correctness has allowed terrorists to thrive in our countries.
what causes them to be bad. submission to islam. hence dangerous
clearly quite the opposite. have a think. and remember
is a race is if i join i change my race ? what race apostates ?
freedom of speech is incredibly important. abusing it abhorrent.
there are others making sensible points. please get out of their way.
seen the amount of halal on our shelves ?
what utter rubbish are you spewing now ? only an idiot thinks that.
what are you afraid to confront everything that is evil and wrong.
and here in lies part of the problem. ideology is not a race
which has nothing to do with the adopted sentiment behind the hash tag. which was great.
the same applies to all religious doctrine. few take it literally.
nothing like provocation to end conflict, eh ?
but many people do. not a valid point
freedom of speech which our ancestors fought and died for.
it is the harsh truth. people fear of being called racist. look at rotterdam ...
you can be against terrorism without standing with racism.
how the world’s newspapers covered the attack , in pictures : ( pic : de morgen )
. what a start to the year. what is next ?
and some of them ' covered up '.
how the world’s newspapers covered the attack : (pic : de morgan)
did not print cartoons in solidarity ... ? faith is not the same as proof.
how the world’s newspapers covered the attack : (pic : de morgan)
' comments are closed on this picture gallery '
you missed the best cover turned into :
in pictures : french cops close in on suspected terrorists outside paris
reaps what their lies have sown.
pray for an emblem of the planet earth
pictures cops close in on suspected terrorists outside !!
so what did i write (stop this) paris attack
rt cops close in on suspected terrorists outside paris
wonder if is calling for the demilitarization of their police ?
they are not they are and is not honestly reporting it. ?
we can never allow the barbaric savagery of islamic extremism to defeat our right to free speech .
you clearly do not value human life at all and sympathies with extremism
have been punished for much less.
sure buddy we would paint the street with blood .... idiot.
can not we all just get along ?
oh shut up you really are not worth a reply. only brain dead one is you mate
we would not go round killing people you filthy are wipe
after you accuse me of wanting to murder and bomb people. up yours mate.
the apologists are already out in droves. the bodies are not even cold yet !
you do not seem to understand at all. your position seems like an apologia for this atrocity.
why you holding me accountable just because supposedly we share the same faith. wow.
why is that what makes it less significant for you ?
the west must act. even the lefties media must geddit now !
maybe both. i would not tell you anyway.
committed by ppm who share your faith or your race ?
evil only wins when good men do nothing “ - edmund burke
would drawing a rude picture of rita is mum give her the right to kill your family ???
justifies killing people because of a cartoon. obviously his goat has it is period.
do not act surprised when said someone decides to take the law into his/her own hands.
what is an extremist ?
should i say you should feel guilty for every crime committed by a white person or christian ?
we we did do something ; we democratically sacked them from office ...
. being offended does not give backward cretins the right to slaughter people. ffs.
a politicians will avoid the elephant in the room and go for an easy out.
does not justify the actions of these cowards. shooting at unarmed people. disgusting and inhumane.
that is where you are wrong
you are justifying the actions of murderers by sympathizing with their anger.
12 equal what do you mean ?
and the organizers of festival for their ' come heckle christ ' show
go find a fresh goat & amp ; go ya hardest.
okay good luck with that.
they are asking me to cry for journalists that made it their life is aim to insult us muslims
make no mistake all sides of the political spectrum are united against this atrocity. no justification.
is not all human life equal ? what about the innocent civilians france bombs daily ?
bro that is it our moment is over. you can go away now. stop begging it
a screw loose because i value all human life equally ?
nothing to do with the regrettable incidents that just took place in paris
make no mistake i did not condone or support it
bloke obviously has a screw loose
why do not we cry about them. or are your lives worth more than our ?
exactly however this recent event in france shows the extremist attitude to peoples freedom of speech
just keep religion what it is. sacred.
but i thought you said all life is equal so is not the number irrelevant ?
how dare you. i am saying that there are others more worthy form lamenting over their loss
regrettable incidents . mate, you are the problem.
go ahead. what u telling me for. did i say murder is okay ?
who the bloody hell is talking about france. the post was about freedom if speech and extremism
i think he prefers goats to fuck ...
engineering student so are you making the bombs or flying the plane, kid ?
what extremism do i ? i love extreme kindness extreme love extreme generosity
i will not be crying for u.
i think you need to be diagnosed. you are sick minded.
the problem isn’t islam . the problem is assholes . every religion has ‘ em .
if every religion has then maybe the core problem is religion.
rhetorics in defense of a violent ideology ?
most religions are violent. sadly.
monotheistic religions are more likely to make totalitarian claims, particularly when linked to empire
i’m not sure asshole ’ is a strong enough word for people who assassinate cartoonists.
every religion. what is a few cartoonists when you are defending god himself
humanity has assholes. and communities of any kind has ' em.
he is not killed yet.
and people of no religion too !
but that does not contradict my last tweet.
everything in this world has ‘ em. that’s the problem.
i was merely offering the fact that lack of human rights is not a muslim-only characteristic.
none is like read richard hawkins …
the certainly doesn’t respect human rights and we are not a muslim country.
right and violence will produce violent again. when will it finally have an end ??? !!!!
there can be no justification whatsoever for such taking of life ( 2/2 )
thank you. peace to you.
there can be no justification whatsoever for such taking of life (2/2) ”
sorry our society expects to denounce these attacks - as if they might have thought otherwise. appreciated
how much reputation do u want from fur
: now is the time to uphold freedoms , not give in to fear -
key point in this which knee jerk reaction do these gunmen want to initiate ? remember bush
is worse than nazism ” by ex-muslim poet from
. by reprinting the offending “ articles ?
report cartoonists died due to dehydration from drawing cartoons not terror attacks
i read upload freedoms. too much inter webs
an absolutely brilliant statement. this disgusting attack must not have the effect 9/11 had on the world.
can not do that !!!
fear why should we fear ? we do not know anything yet ??
rt now is the time to uphold freedoms, not give in to fear -
a real muslim cannot be a terrorist . ***
like all religions are evil repent and turn to the lord jesus christ
sure. just stay in your deserts !
a real cannot be a terrorist. ***
a real cannot be a terrorist. ***
who decides who and who is not a muslim ?
police establish tight cordon around second hostage scene in . eery quiet , except for buzz from helicopters .
great to hear from you and hope you are well.
i do not like how my papa aka pops called my jasmine flowers jasmine ! iamjaminesmellmyloveismyrose !
because of this 2 shut. uchites kadyrov how to militants kill !
found similar by here ~ entitled : ' police raid cannabis crops '
hey grief. time. no talk. stay safe.
massacre : modus operandi , efficiency & amp ; focus point to jihad returnees , guys trained to kill repeatedly
it is what comes up to mind when seeing the terrible killing of the police officer
the only thing to look forward to is them dying in a hail of bullets
these people look very well trained, the tight grouping on the police car tells us that
strategic military attack. changes everything.
tell the west particular usa to stop supporting extremists in syria and lydia-
likely it is enough.
the outcome in having politicians who act like ostriches.
mag had long history of anti israel covers too
so you know who it was ... great.
it was the perfect mag. hope they keep it going.
french newspaper charlie hebdo is last tweet before gunmen attack
what is the satisfaction ' !!!! inhuman !!!
when you welcome peaceful your country becomes blissful.
newspaper held is last tweet before gunmen attack via
charlie hebdo is last tweet spoofed isis leader al-baghdadi
do not let silence you re tweet now
satire has now got my attention .... oh look here is a spoof of al-baghdadi
does not look like a spoof to me.
why did you crop the cartoon ?
i strongly condemn this terrorist attack as a turkish muslim. terrorists cannot represent islam charliehebdo
rt held is last tweet spoofed isis leader al-baghdadi
i accept but insulting of is going too far.
he as well. says in cartoon “ and above all. good health :
held is last tweet spoofed isis leader al-baghdadi ”
heartbreakingly brilliant cartoon by in solidarity with his french colleagues .
let is just all agree walkway now and not bother about next awards. breathtakingly brilliant.
condemn this attack it is a total shame
brilliant. and so sad.
reasons for death : 19th century : world wars , ship disasters , famine , revolutions . 2015 : cartoons
century : wars, disasters, famine, revolutions. 2015 : cartoons
stop saying was " known for mocking muslims . " they mocked everyone .
indeed the way it should be !
but it is never the muslims fault. they are always provoked by us evil westerners.
people who say that are the useful idiots and appeasers
2 yrs ago our dear leader criticized for mocking muslims.
as an take pride in such things
scumbag chuck says their editor fired someone for their anti semi beliefs and cartoons ???
prob because you would bankrupt him so suck it and fuck off
extended his hand in friendship 6 yrs ago. why have not muslim terrorists clenched their fists ?
did he mock the i do not think so ... no free speech there
this appears to be the original source of the putin/kabayeva/swiss clinic rumour
black is a so i would not necessarily believe everything they say
what makes us think the baby story may be true ? - the kremlin denied it !
it is difficult not to think of “ rosemary is baby “ in this instance.
plus direct info from the ' fields'!
but why a swiss clinic ? why not give birth in russia ? what am i missing here ?
putin " disappearance " rumor : he is in switzerland
i like him having kinky sex in is dacha with the sister of a gazprom exec better.
i spend a lot of time in ticino . kinda offended putin never even said hello .
what do you do for a living nowadays ?
he is waiting to invite you over to see the new baby. he knows where you are.
i suspect the feeling is mutual
sounds lovely. except for those pesky russian despots.
weird body language. between the two of them, not the solo gymnastics.
update : russian president vladimir putin in baby rumours as insider warns of kremlin cou
update pres. vladimir in baby rumors as insider warns of coup. ”
is putin in switzerland with kabayeva ? i am skeptical
u r terminally not 2 say cynical alec. not as slime-ridden as colleagues shit ford/wanker however
thanks keep an eye out !
very skeptical indeed. pretty thin evidence. if i see him, i will tell you !
unformed russian embassy staff in london have left for russia rumours putin has died ! via ?
any link to live stream of press conference ?
as soon as i have it, you have it my friend.
did he die during childbirth ?
understood. any buzz on rogozin, pavlov, or ivan ?
where you getting the rumors from
yeah they are waiting on press conference to start ...
hey loved those cool tube aids you put together !
well , this might explain everything : kabayeva rumoured to have delivered a baby in switzerland ger
would that make the child a swiss citizen ?
rumored to have delivered a baby in switzerland ” putin pa pappaperm ?
likely they are now in northern italy with betlusconi.
apart from pregnancy will be under big pressure in for having a child from
they have strict led sanguine
always knew he was a dickhead
i like putin “
swiss paper missing due to daughter born to mistress alina kabayeva
yes i do not seem legit, my bad ...
we think that is a fake account
i wonder if that is her real accent though, but interesting if it was
she just announced she had a boy
it is hard to know the difference these days. no worries
let is hope her boy will survive his daddy is nuclear threats ....
rumors in switzerland : putin absence due to his girlfriend alina kabaeva giving birth in ticino cc
rumors in absence due to his girlfriend alana kabaeva giving birth in timing -
rumors in absence due to his girlfriend alana kabaeva giving birth in timing -
israel’s ex-ambassador to russia : " there are signs of a coup " against putin
this explains everything against and germany
thank you for that. friedman (jew) misstated some things of course
nothing less than total domination of gentiles is enough for jews.
coup against fomented by jews ? no doubt. they are still sore he confiscated their plunder.
i guess banning holocaust denial in russia was not enough for the jews.
more than signs of nonsense !
construction on red square , mystery announcement & amp ; the russian flag has been taken down over the kremlin
exactly the commissars will be beside themselves !
nothing i like more than a power struggle in the kremlin
i am hoping they raise a white flag
but we do not know who or what would fill the vacuum .......
hes had a baby with his girlfriend apparently that is why he has not been seen
not but something is up. lots of trucks outside the kremlin putting up a stage etc
i think we have a good idea ! clue = despot !!!
they will probably raise a black flag, louis 🙀
would not it is grand if true !
maybe it is a deception being played on the western mm ?
but if a wounded beast nowadays !
... interesting i am very curious !
cancer had one job and it failed
probably as that is all they know ....
now they have removed the red ellipse from the sky !
ok we can scratch pregnant mistress off the list via
will also probably scratch her off some kind of list before long.
or maybe she is a double. (￣▽￣)
israel’s ex-ambassador to russia : “ there are signs of a coup ” against putin
said this during the debates and he is right !
what next ? " cia source has flu " ( vladimir flutin ? ) for 9 days ?
so what do you think has happened ?
he has had enough time to have died and risen 3 times already !
vladimir putin’s disappearance could mean russia’s undergoing a coup |
no tanks no coup.
very good on coup by : three scenarios for a succession in russia via
what are your thoughts on ?
and how will behave in such a case ?
either a simple more serious illness or serious domestic political problems.
bot ox sessions far more likely anyway
three scenarios for a succession in by via v
friend met kabaeva jan 19 & amp ; took this pic she clearly not pregnant . strike baby theory off
she is pregnant and the is like the papa in the 1980 is
vladimir putin reappears on television amid rumours his ' girlfriend ' is about to give birth
this photo was taken in 2011
just look at that wet fish handshake. ugh !!
oh ... ice the thought of “ procreation “ with him 😝
this is what power can do for you
48 hours now any information about obama. killed ?
i am so disappointed vladimir, how could you do this to me ?
i suppose will be blamed again.
that is old photo. now zebedee looks older (he is almost totally grey-haired) .
military coup in and putin has been removed from power ? bullsh1t ! 89% russian people support & amp ;
on the other hand majority of soviet ppm after stalin is death supported khrushchev is critics on stalin
poll shows that is popularity - amidst rumours of his death - is increasing ( now 88 %) . i.e
this is precisely why is pulling this “ is he dead ? “ stunt.
heydar jemal told georgian television : " i think putin blocked by security forces and now negotiations with him .
video to see from 3. 10 min
expert : vladimir putin’s disappearance could mean russia’s undergoing a coup :
a coup he is having a tummy tuck and a breast lift.
we are talking about western media here. they are all about speculation and spreading rumors !
nowhere to be found ? this is getting interesting !
maybe it will spread over here.
are they buddy with the us then they are the west !
does not mean anything. could just be taking a family time out.
for better or what will be.
yeah. that is a fact, jack. horrible mess they got us in lie !
an expert is the last guy you need to ask ! 90% of the time.
not exactly if you count payola and coercion.
coup in ? good article by .
us embassy cables talk of an operation planned by “ dissidents “ in to “ overthrow putin “.
putin ousted in coup ??? ok just asking !
i thought they loved him over there.
expert : vladimir putin’s disappearance could mean russia’s undergoing a coup
bull shit rt expert : vladimir putin’s disappearance could mean russia’s undergoing a coup
coup scenario : ivanov killed nemtsov , blamed it on chechens(an enemy ) knowing everyone would " know " it
. or as most had it done. he went too far so being brought down.
rumors about started with a stroke , then he is sick , and now this what is next ...
plenty of wishful thinking but would they really want a hardliner instead of putin ?
another rumor is that his of gave birth.
" putin umer " or " putin has died , " is now trending on the russian internet .
we can only hope at this time. no proof yet.
friend met kabaeva jan 19 & amp ; took this pic she clearly not pregnant . strike baby theory off
if a woman is normally you check not on her head ...
click on the it shows her whole body
that probably will not stop the alternative reality guys.
just watch they will say putin and her had a surrogate so the baby theory is still on low
being the is it probably has a 30-day gestation period ...
that is obviously not a genuine account
right. that is one down.
that twitter has like 21 post. she herself admitted she uses only her own website and live journal
no but plenty of other reasons to stay in switzerland for a while
a bunch of guys who are journalistic ally useless but know how to promote themselves
if is indeed her how does above pic square with
. the latest ... via mt putin absence due to girlfriend giving birth
this is by far my favorite theory, regardless of its probability !
no russian leader as charismatic as putin except nemtsov . coup scenario : whoever broke cardinal rule & amp ;
charismatic he is as charismatic as a carp.
i still just find him creepy. cold like a fish.
i heard escaped the kremlin and is on his way to his girl in switzerland .
read the text very revolutionary for tsarists
i hear that is for celebration of annexation of crimea 18th
orthodox patriarch krill says orthodox people and church-supporters discredits putin
organized a quiz what is going on the red square ? .
invites conceit and all comrades sing …
maybe putin has just been on paternity leave ? - says kabaeva has checked into a swiss clinic to give
why is everyone so jealous ?
she does not trust doctors in russia-the-super-power, does she ?
it just feels very odd . what iss going on in ? military coup and putin removal ? i am
particularly if he got a chechen-sounding surname ...
newest rumour , his girlfriend just gave birth to their child
it is confirmed by the swiss clinic : happened a few weeks ago.
is putin facing palace coup ?
is not dead. he was just hiding up someone is asshole
russian president vladimir putin to be ' ousted in coup ' as rumours swirl over ill-health
sounds like the old soviet union low
palace coup ? " it is quite possible we are seeing the last days of the setting of the political
... or it is a ruse to see who steps up
a palace coup ..... the aliens took over.
or maybe it is just a bot ox session gone wrong ...
how long were rumors circulating before gkchp putsch ? yakovlev knew something when he quit 24 hrs before.
major problem i have with coup scenario is by now one side or other should have moved hard /2
if it is a here is what it may be happening : via |
such a ruse did not turn out so well for romeo and juliet ...
what comes next could be a lot worse ...
where is putin ?
probably sick of something. maybe sick of the west.
bringing in the new star !
can putin is absence indicate a palace coup in moscow ? via
maybe just vacationing in eastern ukraine ?
can putin is absence indicate a palace coup in moscow ? via
about is where about ? he has gone for a fishing holiday in crimea
hoppla ! : swiss rumors : putin absence due to girlfriend alina giving birth in ticino
both have proved their flexibility !
my money still could have shaken security
very is a boy !
building the nation is great. good country man and best president
makes no sense though. why go to switzerland for that ? too much hassle.
swiss rumors putin absence due to girlfriendalina giving birth ”
at least it is not terkel so we would have a problem.
have you read this is andrei illarionov a reliable source in your opinion ?
no , do not know where is but no coup is today -- ever rational on current tea cup storm
spoke on : no, do not know where is but no coup is today
mistress alina kabayeva announce she has given birth to a boy via
yeah i hear see that too.
we do not know if this is an official or troll account though
been advised that it might be a fake account. a swiss newspaper however says she had a girl
her is not verified & amp ; made only few tweets, so ...
is the now w/ unwed mothers, or will krill declare this a virgin birth ?
... is this real the account ? i do not believe it actually
latest ( baseless ) rumour from moscow : sergei shoigu has ousted putin in a behind-the-scenes coup . that man
he lost me at consultant “ on his profile.
can is absence indicate a palace coup in moscow ?
that would be us neurons and obama is wet dream.
red alert : ’ s former ambassador to : ‘ there are signs of a coup’~
lets now who would that be beneficial to !
coup ? rt : rumors all russian military attaches at embassy in london have returned to moscow :
the makers are letting us down on this ! we should see that red button ! //
denies. rt 13 min this is not true. // i have more time for speculation
or preparing to launch yet another war ?
. : " some day , i suspect putin will fall to a political coup , " but not today
good he is probably right, the small chance he is wrong makes everybody nervous however.
so when did it happen ?
has putin been overthrown in a palace coup ?
or is he a new father ? from nz. ht
vladimir putin is disappearance could mean russia is undergoing a coup : “ #путинумер ”
will only believe it when i see putin in an open casket.
swiss tabloid drops this about : putin secret baby mission in ticino
. so medical care not good enough ?
no coups today ... no , i do not know where is , but i am pretty sure no coup
probably the flu or a bad bot ox reaction
i am sure dictators like putin are far too well guarded for that to happen.
mark. make a note just not 2 forget it. dip-dig.
putin reappears on tv amid claims he is unwell and under threat of coup
all he wanted was a week off !
selling 2 cars for comic relief please rt !! ?
that looks like a double to me, dear.
coup that is when you know you people are just making things up.
whole lot of talk. he was probably on a hunting trip
vladimir putin’s disappearance could mean russia’s undergoing a coup
i do not like when we do not know where our enemies are,
he is following getting both
he just taking a break from the cameras.
or he is golfing with 0 ...
one kid hundreds or more. busy guy.
putin reappears on television amid rumours his ' girlfriend ' is about 2 give birth
they could call the baby ukrainian.
media told not to leave & amp ; expect statements fr no flag on building
as in today. 13th march
i do not know when this photo was shot but right now it very early morning in move
that photo was taken during the day
putin is son born today ? & gt ; & gt ; via
might explain absence from public life last few days.
so the baby girl has been upgraded into a son
i have just & amp ; only staying a few minutes
have anybody ever mentioned that kabaeva was pregnant ?
how will react after a sleepless night filled with diapers and crying ?
swiss clinic sent'anna of confirms alana kabayeva gave a birth to a baby girl weeks ago
is his baby girl black and putin is still drunk since he saw her first time ?
was vladimir putin netralized by an internal coup ? or maybe he is vacationing in harper is closet :
has gone 1 better behold the russian secure office actor portrayed even
big announcement in whole world in suspense hoping the wicked witch is dead !
where do you get this information ? the kremlin has said nothing about an announcement
no doubt whoever takes over will be equally bad. short term destabilization would help though.
they have not said anything yet but we are all hoping.
a witch u mean ... the aggressor is us not russia
reports claim putin disappeared due to impending political coup
he has been having a face lift
are we ready for war ?
he should disappear 6 feet under.
nothing to do with his wife giving birth then ?
something big is happening right now in moscow “ : putin disappeared due to impending political coup ”
ah yes to be closer to his billions of rubles
' while at kremlin i just had to peek in casket ' or ' is last selfie '
time to be cautious for all near him in case he emerges again tomorrow
probably. no info though. no one knows if he is alive or dead.
if am i wondering if realizes that millions wish he was not.
since your last post i do not know if you are alive or dead. what does that prove
it will have to be after dark when emerges ; vampires hate direct sunlight.
they would never bury in a wood casket you idiots. putin lives
a ukrainian website shows a cartoon of lying in a coffin .
does the media share this sense of humor ?
a person with so much power in his hands a cold can cause a national panic
. swims with fish ! “
let is hope has achieved room temperature.
i did not mean above water !
today is images of putin are actually from oct 2014 .
the article is wrong. the videos are different.
putin in film on crimea : ‘ american friends ’ are real masterminds behind ukraine coup
off course flying in more
go suck is dick you stupid sheep
that phone call says it all.
. is not paranoia the first sign of dementia ?
black box says you are a liar.
yep ... is a shill and hunter biden !! sheesh can you be more obvious
they were and he is telling the truth.
one explanation for building site on red square it prevents helos landing for a coup . has returned to shadows
this report says warned of impending announcement
nothing on as yet about this john, strange though.
like closing square for snow clearing ' or yanukovych trying to stop maiden by building a christmas tree
not seeing -bots on , #путин , #путинумер hashtags and in comments . no money or no message ? kremlin
exactly. they are not there. i have been watching.
that is since they are always quick to respond
kremlin just released a new photo : " both president putin and kim are doing well , somewhere in hell
he is having a hot toddle with hitler too.
that is not th pictured korean has a normal hairstyle and he is shorter than putin
is putin dead ? in a bunker awaiting war ? sick ? suffering a coup ? weigh in :
if he is got that virus - he is still on the crapper !
you do not have he has been assassinated “.
i have just checked in with north korea - putin is not there ! my 2nd guess is ....
you know strange things are happening in the when trolls start worrying
i sincerely hope this is not true.
you truly believe he is dead, do not you ?
there is a difference between it being taken down and it not being there
thanks for sharing i have highlighted you on my
radical forces of a big blood to take over as coup rumors fly wildly !
that is not going to happen. russia and the world loves putin.
is not the only thing missing .... look what is missing from the top of the today
if this picture is real this weekend in moscow will be so excited
you should talk to people in moscow about that they to the photo
secret secret secret funerals, secret mourning. kgb till the end !
it is so tradition when the star is not home ....
yes i know and hopefully he is gone forever
great just put the flag up if putinsche is alive he will crawl out of his dumpster
i think president decided to die in order to divert attention from nemtsov is death #путинумер
it is not but rasputin !
prefer sports talk over politics but i have a gut feeling something crazy is happening behind close doors at the
that is how took over in the first place. fitting, really.
where is putin ? stroke ? dead ? has there been a coup ? this is huge where is obama
i wonder if mo and turn ellen straight.
where is putin ? my money on him being in america auditioning to be fox news first ever shirtless news
the house speaker is inviting him to address congress to call out obama.
| question is not where is , but who holds the launch codes for russian nuclear weapons ?
westerners he made a celebrity out of putin w/ his weight in the international affairs balance increasing even more
good from arms control wonk podcast - blog
would it not be funny if literally nobody knew where they are
the poles and their delusions at putin gone missing have begun ...
and google will not search for because it knows you do not find putin , he finds you .
i respect because is the last man on earth standing against the american imperialism 😎
do you want to know the reasons the soviet union banned these bands in 1985 ?
pink wins the competition for most complicated reason for being banned !
where is putin ? here is the answer ! he has opened a pub on jaffa street in jerusalem !
he is running is reelection campaign
funny but as soon as putin will re appear on public most of the current tweets will be quickly deleted
have you been playing s white album backwards or something.
what if there will be the declaration of total war against west . have not heard that version yet .
thirst things first funeral march n. 2 …
enter ' putin ' into twitter search . look at all the clowns suggesting he is dead/a palace coup .
it just makes me sick and i have better things to do then read what sick morons tweet.
of course it is his right, but i could not take him seriously anymore
world : putin : aww , they miss me !
think you maybe close to truth. just a reminder of the other really bad guys
i am 92% convinced kremlin thing is nothing/fake-out for absorption of south ossetia . not coup or that putin is
whats is absence got to do with s ossetia ?
prepares for a military parade in marking 1 y anniversary of occupation .
very conveniently surrounding with gear in case of ... unrest.
he is baaaack !!!!!!! putin reappears on television as rumors of his death & amp ; love child spread
oh good now i can unplug the light in my window ...
so putin is back . he is been busy . there is been a coup , he is been dead
i will ......... any chance of a ? ..... is
i will take you both on ......... now !
it is a great day confessed is stubborn as shit
what he is fucking a pregnant bear !??
oh hell good love it
i u too babe you wanted me to come back here enjoy now !
and he those damn bears .......
i think this will be us memo
and you have a lot in common do
i can understand why he is busy with that !
have you ever and a bear before ???
kremlin just released photo of and current us president obama . see everything is fine .
i looked into his eyes and saw ...
wonder if they played chess low
tanks in moscow , no tanks in , , putin not dead , kabayeva gave birth , kabayeva was not
is still missing ... time to ask to announce him wanted
what is going on in russia ? coup , sudden illness or " other " ?
... or perhaps nothing at all. ponder that for a moment.
welp , putin is fine , guys . these photos prove it .
that looks very much like something that took place on october 24 2014 :
. easy way to tell if these photos are indeed recent. is zebedee is hand now broken ?
a single picture without time ref is never a proof
why do i see tanks in front of moscow mayor is office ?
it seems to be rather wishful thinking.
i see things and then i drink, not other way around
i suppose.
because you drink too much ?
our qotd : where do you think has gone ?
in hiding after cosmetic surgery will reappear even younger looking
white smoke has been spotted above the kremlin . it seems a new putin has been chosen .
be on the for doves being released.
' on the perhaps.
chance would be a fine thing ...
because is smoking a fatty
ah ... should have included u in the attempt to get trending ...
or is it harems butane ?
to hell , yankees slaves , warmongers !
wrong the west is losing, at home and abroad. everyone else is fighting for multipolarism.
the west already won. everyone else is fighting for second.
putin has obviously disappeared to binge watch the entire season 3 of house of cards ..
is he fighting on the front line ? or his girlfriend gave birth ?
hope he does not get upset at the mocked russian diplomacy
stauffenberg meant well , but killing hitler in july 1944 would have left germany @ war , under control of
this means that must pay the full price no matter who runs the show.
1 to how likely do you think it is that putty-poot is getting cold ?
correct which once allies landed in france was impossible
agree. few expected allies to fight red army in east
may be in for quite the opposite of dying, see my last few tweets ...
intention was to save reich without hitler, not to establish democracy
are you sure about john ?
he was a raw wehrmacht officer, not a member of the greens
but potentially able to make a rational peace, and save millions - good subject for some turtledove type
john but tom cruise looked so ....
we have sussed it . the kremlin is getting ready for st patrick is day
and and are a couple of leprechauns.
no its is coming out parade
there was no coup in , now admits he was the one who urged yanukovych to flee the country .
do we really want to make the whole planet a propaganda show ?
a coup is when a guy rides in on a tank
ex-kgb yuri shvets at inquiry- in w drug smuggling ring
and weapon smuggling too since collapse of ussr, russia is controlled by former kgb formed gangsters.
putin juggling enough instability . he would make a live appearance by now to squash death/coup jitters .
... that is the confuse your opponents : judo 101
he is probably deep underground finalizing the targets before launch.
extended : dramatic video of gunfire inside hallways of parliament hill . ( the globe and mail )
gunfire inside hallways of parliament hill. ” girl are you good
so proud of our parliament security police and military
two attacks on personnel in two days seems like more than a coincidence.
sounds like a shotgun blast followed by officers returning fire.
police have clarified that there were two shootings in ottawa today , not three : at the war memorial and
so what happened at idea ? nothing ?
soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl . nathan cirillo
yeah ditto. may the perpetrators never be !!
heartbreaking. soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
hard to look at this & amp ; not feel heart hurt. rt cpl. nathan carillon
soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl. nathan carillon ” rip
i know. very sad
so sad my thoughts are with his family
soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl. nathan carillon
how is anyone going to explain this to his dog ? 😥
soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
plus soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl. nathan carillon … ” rip
so many innocent senseless deaths ... rest in peace your family is in our prayers.
soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
norad increases number of planes on higher alert status ready to respond if necessary , official says .
though about invading and probably canada.
higher alert is a bit excessive
have outdated shit. they could launch 20 icbms at us and we can shoot em down.
but never thou about invading canada or the us
yeah true. but could have a sub with weds on it not far off east coast.
the us have dropped a nuke once in the st-lawrence river accidentally
sure they have what ??
true. the would nuke us first. and i am 99% sure they have.
what is going on is it all planes in us and canada ?
oh. i thought they found out aircraft was being used.
there are many types “ of extremists. violence is what makes them “ extreme. “
just an n automatic triggered under security agreements of mutual protection at given level of alert
all 3 patients injured in released from hospital : hospital spokesperson .
patients injured in this morning is released from hospital source :
3 blesses liberal all 3 patients injured in released from hospital : hospital spokesperson. ”
nhl postpones maple leafs-senators game after tragic shootings in ottawa .
postpones maple leafs-senators game after tragic shootings in ottawa. ”
military sources , friends id nathan frank cirillo as soldier killed in ottawa
well have no problem mosley terrorist murdered canadian solider in cold blood today
sorry that was real monarch. oops my mistake. try youtube for ' common purpose '.
here they are ... see them ???
they probably have s leader who had a brain and a spine
terror attacks on soil and there is catch phrases fired instead of bullets. storm the mosques !
tragic amp heartbreaking to lose this young courageous soldier.
have a look at others there from brian ferris. well worth it
on behalf of the twitter community, our sincere condolences to nathan frank carillon is family and friends
just after they were collecting outside st johns wood, london mosque for the attackers.
bewildered pup will b mourning “ : … nathan frank carillon soldier killed in ottawa ”
so senseless this is how they treat a host country !!!!!! wake up canadians
where is the clerics denouncing the attacks ?! the. moslems are the enemy
and gov calls a spade -terrorism. instead of the utter bollocks obama spews
did. even murderer was called an islamic convert mosley good for canada telling truth
oh amp just wait a minute, i think i can hear them too
rest in peace cpl . nathan cirillo via
this just pisses me off. being shot was too good for that terrorist.
rest in peace. what a waste of a young life.
may he rest in peace so sad
map of three locations where police say shots have been fired
you should try that at venezuela ......
map of three locations where police say shots have been fired ”
. another mt map of 3 ottawa spots where cops say shots fired
shots 1 military reservist confirmed dead, 2 others injured, # of shooters unknown.
thank you for your coverage. help keep the focus on the victims not the perpetrators.
map of three locations where police say shots have been fired ” rt
psychopathic viruses called r danger 4 every civil society civilized must support
full white house statement on obama is call to
full white house statement on obama is call to ”
thanks but we got this. now pass the beer n ammo eh ?
did they talk at all about how they can prevent this from occurring again ? hope they do !
twenty-four-year-old cpl . nathan cirillo was shot dead today at the war memorial in .
what a lovely photograph. rip sir
very handsome man ... tragic.
may god hold his family close during this time.
cpl. carillon shall not be forgotten - support who fight carillon is killers
rip. prayers to the families and canada.
so very sad. praying for his family & amp ; the people of canada.
at least the dog is ok
god bless his family. rip.
prayers n thoughts to his family n friends. rip
his dog will also miss him very much.
horrible ... tears for his family ...
police say they are investigating 3 shootings , one at war memorial , one on parliament hill and one near
awful news for people who do not deserve such unusual occurrences there ! sad visitor
reports now that 2nd shooter has been shot in downtown ottawa
live news just reported cops yelling at people to run. must be a third shooter !
: reports that the dead shooting suspect is michael zehaf-bibeau , born 1982 . he is reportedly canadian-born .
who cares about the murderer.
terrorist reportedly born in but of algerian descent.
a recent convert to i believe.
be paying any attention to this guy at all.
my wish for him is that he rots in his grave wherever it is. rip
born of descent like marc levine. isis did the id.
: soldier shot at war memorial near canadian parliament :
again sorry for the typo ? happy to see you are proof reading it for me teach ....
you never hear of anything bad coming out of canada. this is troubling.
and yet farmers with pitch forks beat you a second time.
the man is now inside the parliament library with a hunting rifle.
wow those jihad bastards are going hard in oh, canada ...
what this never happens in canada ...
tracking then tell me age why russia is a threat to canada
is this the same country who we patrol their own air border for them ?
pretty good actually. more problematic is when we get involved in your “ liberating “.
ah a fox news watcher.
is it terrorist or workplace violence ?
soldier shot at war memorial near canadian parliament : ”
when have we ever asked you for military help ? canada trains your spies you retard lao !!
serious stuff here now pay attention !!
why buy it off you then make a deal with a country to take a cut ?
do you really think gives a damn about you ? russia wants your oil you dumb-ass.
is that how you spell ? yet, you were making fun of our country is education system.
yep. lost 155 of them in afghanistan. many others injured.
i can see how well that american education is working for you low
i know an who will protect 👊
so scary. soldier shot at war memorial near canadian parliament : ”
just remember who it was that burnt your white house down. so so powerful low
yup. the always comes crying for canadian forces to help them low
would still be the first country canada ask help for.
yeah we love it when canada comes in at the last second and says the helped.
i seriously doubt the attacking your parliament is wearing kilts.
besides china would never go to war with russia. they are to close.
rt soldier shot at war memorial near canadian parliament :
problems in how is that diversity working out for you ?
video just on cbc nn : video showing shots fired inside parliament hill .
l and embassy ? what are they saying ?
that is absolutely terrifying to see that happen in such an emblematic place.
at least 30 more shots were fired inside parliament in ottawa .
at least 30 more shots were fired inside parliament in ottawa. ” now, canada !
at least 30 more shots were fired inside parliament in ottawa. ” whuhhhh ??!!
at least 30 more shots were fired inside parliament in ottawa. ”
will not you say big hi to turkish fans ? x
in a country with strict gun control
at least 30 more shots were fired inside parliament. “
raw video : parliament hill shooting . video from inside parliament hill after shots were fired .
globe and mail posted this one a little more dramatic.
harper is responsible for this shooting after involving canada in bombings to syria and iraq.
shocking parliament hill shooting. video from inside parliament hill after shots were fired.
thanks for not answering my question
looks like a movie scene on set !
it is not our war.
so defending sin jar and kane are unjustified ?
canada identifies muslim convert michael zehaf-bibeau as suspected shooter in ottawa attack , u.s. officials tell cnn .
because converts to do not go around carrying out these type of atrocities
but one bad apple can spoil the bunch
is very selective with words to influence minds. that is bias ... not journalism !
by the way did you hear what happened in nyc with another islam terrorist ?
if he followed “ ?!? have you ever read the duran and habits ?
not every fact is relevant for the news. journalism is about sorting and telling relevant facts.
continued ironic that we discuss america is faults particularly when the republicans were form
facts are what they are. never mind words games.
terrorists came to n. america n murdered/abused, enslaved/raped indigenous/ african ppm
continued formed to stop slavery that liberal democrats so desperately tried to cling to
continued all races were slaves and america was not nearly close to other nations. ironic that
a defining moment for ? no more mr. nice guy !
in the name of indigenous children/babies were murdered/abused/raped in residential schools.
they r terrorist when they so themselves. the left loves playing word games. nit reality
must one bad apple in a barrel does not mean all the apples are rotten
. but a tree with rotten roots needs to be removed.
no. we call them catholic priests, never any problems with calling catholics priests pedophiles as thoallare
he was following it is the “ moderates “ who do not.
that explains it are common sense people. so sorry about the 2 soldiers !
the fact he was an islamist is very relevant. are extreme right wing fascists. the new nazis
the evidence is to the contrary
had he been a convert to buddhism we would not even know his name.
how many shooters were not reported as “ christian convert “ ?
. so we ignore reality to not offend ?
no more mister nice guy when this is the 2nd terrorist attack in 3 days by muslim extremists
terrorists who say they kill in name of allah b'cut of islam. wheres the problem w truth
the shooter was mentally ill. this is what racism/stereotypes created by bothering does-
but are there converts “ going on a shooting spree ?
someone who practices or christianity will not be violent. the teachings are against violence.
the shooter in monitor who killed 3 police officers was not called a christian extremist ?
we do not call all those who abused/killed the children in residential schools christian extremists.
yip. i know what it does, i am irish
it is reporting the facts ... it plays to possible motivation for attacks.
soldier gets cpr after being shot at war memorial in
still are you spineless.
are you serious. why would you post that. think of that poor soldiers family.
soldier gets after being shot at war memorial in ”
do you approve of this garbage being tweeted by an employee of yours ? unquestionably disrespectful. un-canadian.
this should not be posted !
this is disgusting and should not be aired. think of the family !!!!!
why are soldiers there in the first place ??? fishy ?
hope this poor soldier pulls through
unbelievable. i can not believe this was posted or re tweeted. completely inappropriate.
show a little respect to this soldier and his family. no one needs to see this. disgusting
the university of ottawa , just a five minute walk from the hill , is now on lockdown .
is 2 km from nasty parliament not 2 minute only china to can run 120 km a hours
updated : full story on nathan cirillo , the soldier killed in
only face we should see “ : nathan carillon, the soldier killed in ”
look at that face. so beautiful. such a tragic waste.
updated story on n carillon, soldier killed in ”
may he rest in peace. 😕🌹
a young father. mt : story on nathan carillon, soldier killed in
updated full story on nathan carillon, the soldier killed in ”
. story on the soldier killed in
god bless and my prayers are with the family and canada.
such a handsome man amp ; far too young !
rip carillon shameful death.
now that is an authentic smile that will be deeply missed.
breaking : michael zehaf-bebeau had been designated " high-risk traveller " by cdn govt , which confiscated his passport
yes except in there is a discussion to let sympathizers ' reenter oz to rehabilitate ! wtf !
they must put high risk travelers in civilian detained camps to prevent does this with suspect maps in wwii
but can not watch that many 24/7
micro chip them just an uncivil thought
a high risk traveler but a risk to and government officials, he was okay ?
how come we have to pussy foot around terrorism for hours before calling what it is.
maybe we should start revoking passports after they leave ...
it makes more sense to let them leave, and invalidate their passports before they return.
the incident yesterday in canada was that a terrorist attack as well ?
so they already know where z-b had gone to ? any travels to the levant recently ?
and still refuses to call it terrorism !
ottawa shooting : nathan cirillo , reservist from hamilton , killed in attack
shooting nathan carillon, reservist from hamilton, killed in attack ”
just appreciation for a citizen who died wearing the colors of a great country
awful ... shooting : nathan carillon, reservist from hamilton, killed in attack ”
rip shooting : nathan carillon, reservist from hamilton, killed in attack ”
is that line a classical reference ?
rest in cpl. ... thank you for your service.
shooting nathan carillon, reservist from hamilton, killed in attack ”
sad. rip
condolences to his family at this time.
shooting nathan carillon, reservist from hamilton, killed in attack sad !!
what a shame. a very handsome young man. may he rest in peace. 🙏
a free man from a free country mt : nathan carillon, reservist from hamilton
shooting nathan carillon, reservist from hamilton, killed in attack ” rip
breaking news : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
2nd attack in in two days
in ... : breaking news : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
updated : the shooting incident in ottawa had the appearance of a coordinated attack
your map is completely mislabeled.
rt updated shooting incident in ottawa had the appearance of a coordinated attack
thoughts to all those in ottawa 🍁mt : shooting incident in oottawahad the appearance of a coordinated attack
pretty poor and irresponsible reporting considering the rcmp just confirmed there was no shooting at the idea center.
mt updated shooting in ottawa had appearance of coordinated attack cc :
updated the shooting incident in ottawa had the appearance of a coordinated attack “
upsetting updated the shooting incident in ottawa had the appearance of attack ”
the worst piece of journalism i have seen today. wow. just wow. seriously.
troubling. shooting incident in had the appearance of a coordinated attack ”
sadly typical. do not they know we know ? .
stop trying to drum up fear with your poor and misinformed ' conclusions '.
updated the shooting incident in ottawa had the appearance of a coordinated attack ”
oh. even though we do not even know how many people with guns there were ?
our hearts are with our canadian brethren “ : shooting incident in ottawa ”
ctv news confirms that canadian authorities have provided us authorities with the name michael zehaf-bibeau in connection to ottawa shooting
as part of an up criminal investigation one would do not need facts to write stories it appears.
i think that soldiers should be armed and wear protective vests when they are on guard anywhere.
now let is swoop in on all who knew him !
that name should not be mentioned again.
according to reports , one gunman is dead in parliament shooting . live coverage :
the perfect story allowing fox to continue running the ' opinion molding ' fear/warmongering domestic terrorist propaganda campaign
everyone at fox is far and away left of this religious/traditional/survivalist conservative from military family
armed not hired goons keeps people safe.
one gunman is dead in parliament shooting. “
lib in denial, even as it is happening, low
bad but l like the outfit.
the viewers have picked the top accessories you can get !!! check it out here -- sgt ;
canadian soldier killed in ottawa identified //
sending prayers and healing for the sickness in our world. & lt
great photo of a guy who deserves to be remembered as one in service to his country.
prayers are with those he left behind.
soldier killed in ottawa identified //
this is so sad. why does there have to be violence all the time everywhere ?
my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends.
i am so very truly sorry for his family. prayers for this family. my condolences
. rest in peace u will always be remembered in our hearts
his dog will also miss him very much.
senior u.s. official : canadian government has informed u.s. that one shooter is dead in ottawa . live blog :
you are a scumbag for trying to profit off a tragedy.
us official whatever. take your source from the canadian government what has your channel become
police more than 1 suspect, downtown remains in lock down. la
war memorial soldier pronounced dead just now.
police searching and firing on parliament hill
please help us spread the word for our fundraiser to kick start our company
we need d of the shooter
i hate to say that but maybe we should let assad finish the job over there
looks like caught a case of the united states, 🔫
those gun crazy need to be stopped, destroy all donuts
so sad. this is not right.
canadian parliament on lockdown after shooting – live updates
that is very rip may gd lord ve mercy on u
parliament on lock down after shooting – live updates ”
we are all infidels “
witness says say three or four shots fired at is war memorial , soldier wounded , being treated by several
let me guess ... it was the canadian tea party.
praying for the soldier and his family.
glad paramedics on the scene. first aid critical ! hope our soldier is okay.
gut-wrenching to hear the soldier guarding our national war memorial has died . rest in peace cpl nathan cirillo
any news on the so called moderate islam front potentially screaming condemnation of this rather than whispering ?
a moment of silence across the country
what did govt do to try to prevent ?? been talking up threat level for days
i think those elites ' were right about the. it could have prevented this.
arm for god sake. they are not props, they are human beings.
lets let radicalized persons buy up tens of thousands of long arms legally and with no controls
wearing my poppy today and thinking of
time for boots on the ground ?
time to give an answer to these radical movements. this can not be unpunished !
horrid terror attack our prayers are with you
does not have what it takes to protect us !
i hope he gets treated as being kia for our country.
a direct attack against us all
ottawa police spokesman tells news that 3 suspects are being sought following shootings in canadian capital -
mt police spokesman tells news that 3 suspects are being sought following shootings in canadian capital
after the hit and run attack on a soldier yesterday ? i believe it.
rt police spokesman tells news that 3 suspects are being sought following shootings in canadian capital.
police are holding a news conference to provide the latest on today is incidents in ottawa . watch live now
republic of citizens 122 minutes massacred. please help.
all that you say. why is that ? ignorant fat fuck
says cod fuck havana in such a nerd like ur a g. get off
i am and no you could not.
are you retarded are you saying his life is more important than an innocent civilian ?
kid. i could beat your ass down with a toothpick.
says the guy that is following me, fall back nerd
witnesses say as many as 50 shots fired at parliament hill . gunfire reported within the parliament building .
sad this had to happen before many naive people were prepared to accept canada is vulnerable to terror
high time to take serious action !!!
perhaps will now understand food parcels and blankets will not help
good luck stop them !
the latest on shootings . gunman killed inside parliament , soldier shot at war memorial .
whats happening at the airport.
tragic. stay safe our law informers and partner dogs
better not believe what we read on internet ... or tweeter low
the latest on shootings. gunman killed inside parliament, soldier shot at war memorial.
let is cancel moose hunting for isis hunting religion
round up these assholes and send them all to hell ...
glad the shooter is dead. praying for our security personnel praying for canada now.
one parent guard was killed today, two wounded. attack was from 2 gunmen
any word on the condition of the soldier ? 🙏
i work security so am i imagining what must be happening there and the airport.
we love our country and military personnel !! keep safe
one guard was shot dead, two other wounded
in pictures : shots fired on parliament hill , soldier shot at national war memorial
my is mapping tweets from ottawa shooting area
please spread the word to not display or tell police positions and police doings. thank you.
shots fired on parliament hill, soldier shot at national war memorial ”
praying for in parliament hill shootings in canada.
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl . nathan cirillo
so horrible. i am so very sorry for such a loss.
for your service. rip.
i am so sorry for him, his family and heartfelt sympathy from germany
so awful that this has happened !
bows mourns his passing
your kidding right ? grow up !!!!!. an innocent lost his life !!
they will not for sure
thank you. that means a lot.
time for a bombing run against the fuckers who did this. this guy was a hero.
soldier killed identified as cpl. nathan carillon ” 😔
oh right i am soon sorry, i am way too simple to comprehend.
you like it when die in the mid east so the americans can steal resources ?
time to send troops. kill them before it starts here.
i hope your government does not denigrate your sacrifice by dismissing it as workplace violence.
so upset. rest in peace friend
god bless him and his family
right douching turn a murder of an innocent husband, father, son, brother into a political podium
i sure hope but i never dreamed mine would do it, but they did ...
ctv news has confirmed the name canadian authorities provided to u.s. authorities is michael zehaf-bibeau .
you will face they law like any citizen if you commit a crime period
he was a citizen dumb shit. what is your definition of being canadian ???
not the same thing at all. you are quite ignorant !!!
i sincerely hope that is not his definition of being canadian.
is name is ukranian-french, not middle-eastern. bibeau is a french surname.
oh i get it your definition of being canadian is one that does not include people of mid-east descent
not sure ..... still fluid situation
and that is your bleeding heart opinion. good bye !!!
yes he was shot dead ...
glad you think my loyalty to my country and peaceful citizens is ignorance. you are a loser !!
you are so ridiculous. just listen to yourself !!
robbing a bank and being a terrorist are two totally separate things.
good do they know if he acted alone ?
how can you deport them when they are canadian ??? deport them where ?
sorry. not if you are a terrorist !!! unbelievable !!!
you are an ignorant asshole. i have no problem with comprehension !!
not prejudiced just a fact. sorry if that fact bothers you !!
did they get him ?
he was killed at the parliament.
here is a picture of him found on an isis media
something tells me he is an idiot and that something are his tweets low
i guess at this point that makes sense. thank you for the info, i appreciate it.
you are not stripped of your citizenship in either cases.
oh and you definitely are not a “ good dude “.
amp daily mail cone his name.
thank you for the info !
fbi assisting in the case of the ottawa shooting , sources have confirmed to ctv news
i want answers why did i get netter news for cnn and cbs ???
thankfully the is really good with lots of resources
why its not their country
developing story : soldier shot in at war memorial .
crazy evil. prayers for comfort for all those harmed/hurt, body or soul.
we need to do something about this canada !!
scene at ottawa war memorial . soldier on duty shot .
live update from parliament. : scene at ottawa war memorial. soldier on duty shot. ”
gunman was spotted running toward the center block on where he was shot.
prayers for our soldier. we have no updates as to his status. thoughts and prayers for safely
round up traitors and intern or expel them. capital punishment for murderers. cowardly attack.
they are saying over 50 shots fired inside the parliament in ottawa
this to do with sending our forces over to war
uniformed canadian soldier shot at war memorial in .
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ”
... what is wrong with the people in the world these days ?? soldier shot
you are a total ass. you do not shoot a fellow can cause politics.
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ”
please contact clad (514) 207-2173
what are they targeting men in uniform ? getting scary now ....
brutal how could do this ?
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ” sickening 😔
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ” what the fuck is going on
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ” terrible !
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ” so insane.
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ” absolutely disgusting ...
this is what happens when harper pokes his nose where it does not belong ! heave steve !
what is going on in our country !?
uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in. ” !?!?!?!?!?!???!?
rt uniformed soldier shot at war memorial in.
these are the areas where the have been reported .
shocking. who would do such a thing ?
near idea not in. please look at local ottawa news b4 u report things
these are the areas where the have been reported. ” a triangle ... fishy
i guess you have not taken your beds in a few days .... or years.
is under attack now by isis. yesterday in a canadian troop was killed as well.
oh yaw there was so much shooting going on we bought it was see old war.
these are the areas where the have been reported. ” please pray
the shooting was near the idea center not inside it the police say.
i do not want this sort of thing happening especially not in canada !!
these are the areas where the have been reported. ”
such a secure fights, between army generals, power gains
is this the thing talking about
very very different nice in side you have that is murder
this is unacceptable. why can not they let us live peacefully. what are these people
these are the areas where the have been reported. ” allegedly
so when occurred in the usa you feet the same way ?
news is talking about terrorism ... so this is a big deal. possible terror attack
what the hell people died here today you knob !
rest in peace to the soldier killed in ottawa today
this makes me so fucking sad
extended video : guns raised , officers rush towards
watched in tears. can not believe this is happening in our ottawa ...
extended video guns raised, officers rush towards
multiple shootings take one guess about the shooter(s) !
more : ottawa shootings suspect identified as michael zehaf-bibeau , 32 ; unclear if there are other shooters :
wow a .... what a surprise
he wanted his 15 minutes of fame. and he is getting it
we have heard about the 3 shooters and different locations all day !?
watch : shots are fired inside ottawa is parliament building . canadian police say shooting suspect is still at large
this makes me so fucking mad ! there are no words !
things like that do not happen in 😱😳
whoever invented the gun needs shooting.
shooting suspect at not a medium or small then ?
shots fired inside is parliament building. canadian police say shooting suspect is still at large.
the solider was receiving emergency cpr any news on his condition now.
watching it out my window at work
god help them find this perpetrator.
yup. must be the end of the world.
shots are fired inside is parliament building. canadian police say shooting suspect is still large
good luck guy and do not take chances take them out !
police in call situation ' fluid , ' wouldynamic , ' ' unfolding . ' confirm deaths of soldier ,
police will not disclose anything more than what we have already pieced together for ourselves.
is the situation over or is it still “ unfolding “ ?
keep the situation in in your prayers.
another bad guy in idea hull rcmp friend confirms
what about the other confirmed gunmen ?
watch live : pm stephen harper expected to speak to the nation imminently on
can he be on time for anything ? not what i would call “ prime-ministerial “ ...
dear do not we see enough of the d. head
we are the true north strong & amp ; free
he shot the wrong guy.
dear i have just authorized the to turn into a militarized, welcome to “
thanks for tweeting this.
your link prohibits viewing outside of canada. i am successfully watching stream from us on
what a freaking useless speech. no answers ... just political spin. harper is pretty useless
timing of parliament shootings - an hour later and 200+ mps and dozens of reporters would have been in hall
cooler heads being what exactly does that mean in light of what has/is happening ?
my stomach just turned reading that.
i beg to differ. this is exactly the time for cooler heads to prevail.
well that is good to know for the next attack
that is a sobering thought. wow.
perhaps that is the type of non-news info should not be tweeted, for security reasons ?
police say the shooter is on roof of building at metcalfe and sparks 1 block from parliament hill
that is the high commission.
on roof of high commission ? really ? careful what you tweet, folks.
my is mapping tweets from ottawa shooting area
is not that the high commission ?
fair enough. i see is stepping back from that tweet a bit.
i get the thought. but giving away police position and knowledge can worsen the situation.
and now if he’s checking twitter he knows they know …
stop giving out possible police locations !!!!
get a copter up there & amp ; take him out ! we do not coddle terrorists in canada
that is the high commission that building is in lock down for sure.
this is literally minutes from my home, unbelievable this is
this is the consulate and it is not located at that intersection.
if the same one from the block - how does he make it there ?
that is the high commission building.
: confirms the soldier shot this morning has died , a parliamentary guard has also been wounded .
our thoughts with soldiers family
i have seen that announcement has been retracted
canadian media identify the soldier killed in ottawa as nathan cirillo , 24
is that a lake i thought it was a urine sample
may his soul rest in peace sympathies to his family
a wife and a string of hookers ?
then die and go to hell
why would anyone want to marry you ?
funny. i have to listen to dogs about ethics
media identify the soldier killed in ottawa as nathan carillon, 24
how awful to hear the solider has died. what is wrong with people ?
please do not bark my kids are sleeping
next time make sure you are lying on your back
more like his wife is 12 years old
i died of boredom reading your bullshit. cunt
he is probably married to a goat.
do not you mean read ?
you will not understand cause you have always been worked from your meat hole
media identify the soldier killed in ottawa as nathan carillon, 24 ” rip
oh my god a talking lake.
if he is and christian he is retarded but if he is muslim he is terrorist
please stop sending tweets still i am vomiting
well briefly they are murdering religious nutters
disgusting .... i have vomited after seeing your profile pic
he is busy lubing the dildo
is that paddy minty is goat or is that racist
15 mind video of koala lumber 2014 “ rain t ... : via
no he is a retard as well do not feel left out
here are the 3 locations of shootings in around parliament hill ( goofleearth ) from :
you are a profoundly stupid asshole, using today is events to grind political axes.
supposed safety these governments “ seem to think they are giving us.
suck a bag of dicks buddy
and the left rolled out their gun control after the notional “ kids “ at sandy hook
bullshit. there is indeed a human right to self defense you senseless commie fuck
hey how about fuck you and your cheap shots
fuck i know about human rights you pro fuck
i am not a pro fag lover like you seem to be.
you are a pathetic piece of shit, revealing your love of slavery.
were supposedly shot up. so yeah, do not get mad because i got there first.
most definitely a right to self defense ! stop all this pc indoctrination
people may have and you are using it as an excuse for cheap political shots.
go back to whatever hole you crawled out of.
and i can guarantee you know fuck all about canadian law.
i am just pointing out that liberty is more safe that totalitarianism.
there is no human right “ to self defense, check the declaration, but legal right !
what a gem you are. blocked.
people have a right a human right, to self defense.
i am using it to point out that the goal of the left leads to death.
i will not accept people being murdered as a thing we have to have for this
pm stephen harper to address the nation on at 7:45 pm/et .
time for you to take the long walk we do not believe a word you say
they even had the guys name dumb ass before the can media
goddamn near time. we need a leader and he has not been it.
can only hope this does bring increased surveillance, you being first on the list.
give me one good goddamn reason that why u send our beloved soldiers there.
looks like is our pm now
interesting that spoke to the people 5 hours ago
the has all the facts b4 or the has
is this an address to the nation or just a statement to reporters ?
nearly 10 hours after the shootings started and no word from our pm ?? appalling
harper is bigger crook than mulroney or chretien ever were
soldier killed in canada shooting was a young reservist with a six-year-old son
soldiers are not innocent they are the complete opposite
rip soldier killed in canada shooting was a young reservist w/a six-year-old son
heartbreaking for and : soldier killed in canada shooting was a young reservist with a son
this is very sad. i just wish that the was a better place
that does not sound incredibly cryptic ........
the price we pay for allowing muslim 5th columns to roam freely in the west. enough.
sad. soldier killed in shooting was a young reservist with a 6yr old son ”
very sad day for his family friends and canada. rest in peace.
so sad for my great nation. i am speechless !
rip we love you
soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa has died . live coverage :
very very sad news it should not be repeated.
soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa has died. live coverage : ” sad, rip
very sad news soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa has died. live coverage : ”
this is so terribly upsetting. : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa has died.
our condolences to our neighbors and ally to the north.
wow sad to hear this terrorism ?
sad news from our thoughts r w you, stay strong
canadian soldier shot in ottawa a reservist from hamilton
prayers to the family n military family of the murdered reservists !
canada is parliament building in ottawa is on lockdown after reports of an active shooter
1400 is 1500 is 1600 is castle
my first thought is that is a beautiful building !
10 minute showers in aurora and i revelings to peoples so maybe it's via view able
tragedy must say it is a beautiful building.
well so much for saying that this only happens in the us or that extreme gun control works
cxn : 1 gunman shot dead in parliament hill attack , soldier shot in ottawa no report soldier dead .
1 gunman shot dead in parliament hill attack, soldier shot ottawa
news reporting soldiers gun was not loaded ?
horrible ... all the best to the injured soldier !
: reports of shots fired on parliament hill
rt reports of shots fired on parliament hill
strong criticism from someone who thinks we are at war with frozen water.
en bride never oluyor ?? “ : : reports of shots fired on parliament hill ”
reports of shots fired on parliament hill ” oh no
i do not get offended by illiterates
u.s. officials : suspected shooter in ottawa rampage identified as canadian-born michael zehaf-bibeau . live blog :
officials suspected shooter in rampage identified as canadian-born michael zehaf-bibeau. ”
still does not have the guts to say muslim shooter. gets some balks cnn reporters.
was a convert to islam and had a history of drug use before he converted “.
u forgot to mention he was a goat raping muslim.
officials suspected shooter in ottawa rampage identified as canadian-born michael zehaf-bibeau. live blog :
you are ring news now. omg
you do not think it is relevant to report that the gunman was islamic ?
parliament was stormed by at least one gunman who shot a soldier standing guard at canada is war memorial .
two guys are in with him, they saw the shooter get out of a car
my buddy is still in lock down, he emailed me a few mind ago
gunman is in buddy if mine is locked in a room inside
if i were to guess there is more than one of these bastards on the loose
nor federal buildings locked down. told to stay inside. need pass card to enter.
madness i am so sorry dear neighbors ...
leafs-sens game postponed after shootings on parliament hill
game postponed after shootings on parliament hill the fuck 😳
game postponed after shootings on parliament hill
prayers for , those directly affected , family of the soldier who died . god keep our land glorious and
greatest place on earth prayers to everyone
university of ottawa is in lockdown , classes are cancelled
let is not get ahead of ourselves
university of is in lock down, classes are canceled ”
all mans are blessed bro thank god !!
university of is in lock down, classes are canceled ”
is since it is not downtown
rt we are all infidels “
university of is in lock down, classes are canceled ” stay safe everyone
all mans are blessed bro thank god !! ” all thanks to god s/o my gee gees
university of is in lock down, classes are canceled ”
university of is in lock down, classes are canceled ”
university of is in lock down, classes are canceled ”
ottawa hospital confirms it is treating 3 victims - 2 in stable condition
how about you stop showing pictures of the bald guy running around like he is fucking john mcclure
see clearly not without taking off it blinkers
the wars border have been extended to canada now
say it clearly terror attack !!!
reports of a shooting at rideau centre have misstated the shooting location .
reports of a shooting at idea center have misstated the shooting location. ”
they are saying it was outside the mall ? is this not accurate ?
reports of a shooting at idea center have misstated the shooting location. ” scary stuff
you should let make the statements.
guys i know this is a tragedy but please keep shopping at our mall please
reports of a shooting at idea center have misstated the shooting location. ”
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial has died , officials reported .
the soldier shot at the war memorial has died, officials reported. ” 😥💔🍁
hectic ... who would believe this could happen in ! om mane padre hung.
the median soldier shot at the war memorial has died. | ”
one is carrying this horrible (not sure if terrorist) attack ...
they have not released his name because they want to ensure his next of kin are notified first.
ha shalom. the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial has died.
soldier shot at the war memorial has died, officials reported .... “
rt the soldier shot at the war memorial has died
devastated right now. thoughts and prayers with my home town. : canadian soldier shot :
awful the soldier shot at the war memorial has died, officials reported.
rt the soldier shot at the war memorial has died, officials reported.
oh my god this is so sad
indeed saw it on the canadian police tweet ! well done then !!
the soldier shot at the war memorial has died, officials reported. ”
shots were fired at canada is national war memorial in ottawa and a ceremonial guard was shot , police say
has been to
always bad news and not any good news unfortunately
thought and prayers for everyone over there with high hopes that everyone is alright
rt : live now : cops swarm parliament hill following reports of a shooting
my prayers go out to the soldier and his family
when you harm yourself by taking in, it is your own damn fault.
i am and these attacks on our soil are bullshit. my prayers to the soldier.
when you harm yourself by taking in, it is your own damn fault.
trouble in how is that working out for you ?
trouble in how is that working out for you ?
get them and army.
wow fuck you piece of shit
refer to previous tweet *
at least when i leave my country i do not have to pretend i am from somewhere else.
please tell me the police took care of him/her with an empty magazine in return fire !!!
breaking : police say soldier , 1 suspected gunman dead in ottawa shootings .
breaking police say soldier, 1 suspected gunman dead in ottawa shootings. ” wow …
i am down with that.
what i have learned from twitter : the is usually around 30 minutes behind reporting news.
rt breaking police say soldier, 1 suspected gunman dead in ottawa shootings. ”
breaking police say soldier, 1 suspected gunman dead in ottawa shootings. ”
and that is on a good day.
in i would rather they get it right than just go with rumors.
dang shame. did not have to be this way
and about an hour behind reporting the truth.
rt breaking police say soldier, 1 suspected gunman dead in ottawa shootings. ”
breaking police say soldier, 1 suspected gunman dead in ottawa shootings. ”
white house says us ready to offer canada any necessary assistance after shootings in . to speak with pm harper
uh oh when you get both it is not good.
white house says us ready to offer canada any necessary assistance after shootings in. “
yep ... first of all ... lets call it ' work space accident ' ...
i think we are all wondering if isis is behind these shootings.
amen now is a target for isis
the are not giant cunts like our leaders.
we do not need your war machines we do not need your ghetto scenes. “
better look after his own before assisting another.
soldier killed at war memorial identified as nathan cirillo
rip brother. u did well and died doing what you loved.
my heart goes out to his family & amp ; country as they try to piece this together.
. bless his such a sad day for canada
thank you for your ultimate sacrifice
condolences to his loved ones. rip - we will remember.
rest well how many more must we loose before someone is done
soldier killed at war memorial : nathan carillon
god bless mourns your loss.
. let is remember this face instead of the shooter, when they are identified !
rip you brave young man ! condolences to his family & amp ; friends.
thoughts and love from australia,
we will say kaddish for this hero. be strong, neighbors
so incredibly sad. he was just a young'un!
minister of employment jason kenney confirms the soldier shot in ottawa is dead
global discussed that tweet. i am just going off what i am hearing by them.
he did tweet it though.
this is heartbreaking soldier shot in ottawa is dead ”
i am not it is been confirmed and then not. ?
we heard he is listed in critical condition ...
minister of employment jason kennedy confirms the soldier shot in ottawa is dead ” 😔😔
how does he know maybe he is wrong ? i would not call it confirmation.
heartbreaking. thoughts are with the family.
minister of employment kennedy confirms the soldier shot in ottawa is dead
dammit. minister of employment jason kennedy confirms the soldier shot in ottawa is dead
global reporting that the first part of tweet was regarding previous solider incident in quebec.
i think they just confirmed it ; (sad day ...
minister of employment kennedy confirms the soldier shot in ottawa is dead
breaking - shooting on parliament hill . rcmp have weapons drawn
lock it down find the criminals. wait, the buildings full of criminals !
breaking shooting on parliament hill. rcmp have weapons drawn ”
breaking shooting on parliament hill. rcmp have weapons drawn ”
breaking shooting on parliament hill. rcmp have weapons drawn ” holy shit
targeting the soldiers is a stupid act. they have not decided to go in ...
breaking shooting on parliament hill. rcmp have weapons drawn ” sirens galore down here
and war or is this same ?
breaking shooting on parliament hill. rcmp have weapons drawn ” oh canada !
breaking : two or three gunmen were involved in shooting at canada war memorial , ottawa police say .
a video seized from the ukrainian troops is showing nazi battalion don bass executing don bass ...
two or three gunmen were involved in shooting at canada war memorial, ottawa police say.
solider was shot. one shooter was shot dead. there are still more shooters at large.
as news. you suck.
rip cpl . nathan cirillo identified as canadian soldier killed in
may he rip as a national hero.
thoughts for his family and his dog.
fbi working with canadian authorities to determine if ottawa shooting was an act of terrorism
working with canadian authorities to determine if ottawa shooting was an act of terrorism ”
fairly sure most terrorists are right wing gun nuts
the then it will end up being classified as : workplace violence.
but i am watching they told me it is likely a crazy white guy with a canadian name
really the idiot was a recent muslim convert .... of course it was.
i certainly hope you are being sarcastic
as opposed to a right wing gun nut, makes a huge difference
what do they know case closed work place violence
really is not it apparent
sorry for the loss of live in canada.
really you guys are dumber than dirt.
working with canadian authorities to determine if ottawa shooting was an act of terrorism “
says it has all the marks of a terrorist attack canadians say their unsure shoot first julie ?
updated : canadian soldier killed in attack at parliament hill in ottawa
beautifully thank you very much. our diversity and resiliency will help us overcome this.
big trouble in how is that working out for you up there in ?
still are the great white north. our diversity makes our stronger.
do you remember when was white. the great white north. before ?
do you remember when was white. the great white north. before ?
you may want to confirm this, .
rt updated ccanadiansoldier killed in attack at parliament hill in oottawa
killed updated : canadian soldier killed in attack at parliament hill in ottawa ”
this is not confirmed. shot yes, killed ?
oh no. rt rt : updated : ccanadiansoldier killed in attack at parliament hill in oottawa
was white the land ? trees ? flag ? sorry, do not follow ...
heard any confirmation of that
i know ... find this interesting
updated soldier killed in attack at parliament hill in ottawa ”
updated soldier killed in attack at parliament hill in ottawa ”
i am not but if i manage to find one i will relay the message.
you seem to be the only outlet saying this, plus make sure you are correct
before has browned and organized and its thinking.
sure and go have a pork sandwich ...
please stop spreading misinformation. the soldier was shot and taken to hospital alive.
ottawa police confirm they are looking for more than one suspect in parliament hill shooting .
rt police confirm they are looking for more than one suspect in parliament hill shooting. ”
rt police confirm they are looking for more than one suspect in parliament hill shooting.
watching the news here in australia, unreal.
now i understand your last tweet ... wow ...
they have shot and killed two gunmen, the third one is still at large
what is going on that sounds crazy.
. you are a fucking idiot.
rip cpl nathan cirillo ... canada will always remember you .
rip cpl carillon ... canada will always remember you. ” tragic.
rip cpl carillon ... canada will always remember you. ”
rip cpl carillon ... canada will always remember you. ” rest in peace 😔🍁💔
rip cpl carillon ... canada will always remember you. ”
kevin vickers hailed as hero who took down attacker
. as points out about is video, how do we know which bullet felled the attacker ?
kickers hailed as hero who took down attacker
he is an old guy. “ from an “ old guy. “
reports now police suspect two or three shooters on parliament hill . sergeant at arms kevin vickers shot one assailant
tweeting his name is unwise.
are returning immoderate tunneling jihads involved working/not working 4fbi in a
he carries a gun ?
ottawa police report a third shooting at rideau centre , no reports of injuries .
near the idea center
police confirm multiple suspects involved in shooting incident at ottawa war memorial - ,
probably or
police are unwilling to confirm multiple suspects ”.
map of areas where ottawa shootings were reported : national war memorial , near the rideau centre and parliament hill
god have mercy on the victims. but, will this terrorism be termed, workplace violence ?
supposed to be a game tonight here too. should be canceled.
we like to pretend that too. police seem to be doing a good job though.
has increased it is alert level ! canada is security guards are unarmed.!!!! ' still active
shit. i liked to pretend that things like this did not happen in canada. wow.
they are making an announcement this afternoon about whether the game is on.
updated : gunman on the loose after soldier shot at ottawa war memorial
gunman on loose aft soldier shot war memorial
yikes updated gunman on the loose after soldier shot at ottawa war memorial ”
updated gunman on the loose after soldier shot at ottawa war memorial ”
thanks for useful map non ottawa people do not have a feel for the layout.
updated gunman on the loose after soldier shot at war memorial ”
updated gunman on the loose after soldier shot at ottawa war memorial ”
rt : confirmed | 1 shooter shot dead at parliament hill , but there is more than 1 suspect .
all government buildings on lock down as precaution. employees told staying way from windows.
watch : sounds of apparent gunfire inside halls of canada is parliament hill :
sounds like terrorists. maybe
solution 2 let our god and their “ god “ sort it out.
should have put em down by now.
watch sounds of apparent gunfire inside halls of canada is parliament hill : ”
crazy watch : sounds of apparent gunfire inside halls of canada is parliament hill ”
why does it say apparent gunfire ? interesting
scary news from parliament hill in ottawa. i was an intern once there - thinking of everyone today
our thoughts are with you ottawa
nathan cirillo love you
carillon love you look at ur dog beautiful 😊
carillon love you 😢😢soldier i iasaluteo u😞🇺🇸😢 !!
soldier killed in identified as cpl . nathan cirillo ( via )
my condolences to his family and his friends. bz cpl .... you will not be forgotten.
soldier killed is cpl. nathan carillon(via) the madness
now he is protecting and protected by the other so sad rip
his dog will also miss him very much.
this man is family is in my thoughts tonight.
deepest condolences and prayers to his family. such senseless violence ! 🙏
god damns the that killed him
sad for his family and dog
this is the soldier who died today at the war memorial . his name is cpl . nathan cirillo .
r. i. p my condolences to his family
so sorry for him amp ; his family.
breaking : ottawa police confirm that a member of the canadian forces has succumbed to injuries in hospital following shooting
are you out of your mind - terrorist rest in peace ? no, may he burn in hell
so sad. rest in peace
i thought it was about the soldier that was shot and has passed.
my prayers and heart goes out for the family of the slain soldier. god bless his family.
oh i read it wrongs. i thought this was about the soldier. sorry.
no i am sorry read it wrongs. not at all.
police also say that one male suspect has also been confirmed deceased.
: ottawa police now confirming a 3rd shooting . this one at the rideau centre mall . no word on
sounds like coordinated attack of isis sympathizers ... soon in usa ! start packing heat folks !
. latest update is one soldier shot (maybe dead) and one shooter killed.
is senator okay ?
sounds like the rag heads gone wild in canada
meet kevin vickers , the hero who shot down the parliament hill gunman
someone in parliament possessing a gun ?
do you really think they would not have guns inside ? are you mental ??
meet the hero who shot down the parliament hill gunman
room on his jacket for another medal, i think.
. a thousand times the man o hussein will ever be
they most likely have a hidden one for emergencies like this
do not mess with old school
prime minister stephen harper to address country tonight after fatal shooting at war memorial and attack on parliament :
a terrible act has just occurred. put your partisan bullshit away ... at least for today.
harper loving asshole .... blocked !
harper address the country tonight ? what is he waiting for ?
thank you. we all want to tune in to hear from him today
oh no do not block me ! i am so scared !
no he is not my pm. he is a fraud and a warmonger
not interested in one word he has to say !
is anyone important going to speak or just that bullshitter
you are a terrible person.
unless he is resigning i am not interested.
he is probably being briefed. people need to relay information to him before he can speak.
tonight is game between maple leafs & amp ; senators has been postponed after shootings in ottawa this morning .
every place on the earth is violent
shootings so rare ... hockey postponed in canada ?! the states would just detour the traffic !
wow now i am fucking pissed off
people actually shoot each other in canada ?
press conference will be held at 2 pm today
rt press conference will be held at 2 pm today.
so is it over what about the one is still at large ?
hope to say recalling cf18s and ending foreign entanglements.
sergeant-at-arms kevin vickers who reportedly shot suspect hailed as hero
way to go your a hero -
he speaks softly and carries a big stick.
is part of the problem. canadian parliament security is a joke camp ; problem
.... one of a good guys !!
he is a hero god bless him !
cbc news ottawa has independently confirmed that the gunman who was shot and killed is michael zehaf-bibeau .
is that an catholic name ?
worth a try harpers policies basically welcome these kinds of things !
assuming did not criminally acquire the firearm right ?
yeah i am very aware that you need to be licensed.
the lack thereof most certainly did help. there is no disputing that !
how bout that long gun registry now !?
and that would have stopped this guy from buying a gun and shooting someone ... how ?
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
how did he get into canada ?
stay friends. : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
it is happening. rt soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
i do not think he is
why is this not on channel 9 rights now ??? breaking news
this crazy ex criminal thinks he can get free ride in canada
i think so it is a mental case & amp ; best to block !
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa the pandas out too ?
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
i agree. you can not negotiate or come to terms with ppm like that.
come to south where many iranians are ripping off the locals in spacey shops !!!!!
are mostly lazy fucking people and why government of iran punishing these people you right
y do not u go back to the sand where u came from then. bitch ass pussy
are the pandas out of the building too ?
pardon my language but please kindly go fuck yourself, iran_photos. how can you be so heartless !
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ” for anyone in ottawa
police confirm fatal shooting of canadian soldier at war memorial , and shooting death of gunman in parliament . no
my thoughts are with the soldier is family & amp ; friends.
he was from
please consider stopping showing video of victim over and over again, his face is recognizable.
our deepest sympathies and condolences go out to the family of the slain soldier.
it was declared a terrorist attack by canadian officials
shooting in downtown ottawa , police evacuating rideau centre and closing off wellington . stay safe students
exactly we tested the emergency alert system yesterday ! why have not we got a notification ?
avoid idea center and protection monitoring ~ a
why has not the university sent an emergency notification ? should have awhile ago.
canadian officials now calling today is parliament shooting a terrorist attack -
plausible. multiple locations. multiple gunmen. they have got to be motivated by something.
he is and has been a zero walking.
so was the etc .... not a mos sad setup ... new
glad to see somebody call terrorism what it is.
that seems to be the excuse to bring out the army, pretending to be police.
of course it terror permeated right out of mosques that are training centers to radicalize cans
down here it would be called work violence !
do you remember when was white. the great white north. before ?
that is like a robber or murderer getting shot and complaining about gun violence.
i call the execution of by a terrorist attack against the people !
are they sure it is not workplace violence ? maybe they should check with.
do not tell me ... the religion of peace again !
terrorist attack is canadian for “ workplace violence “ ?
racists ... we have your back. unfortunately our pres is muslim.
they obviously did not clear that w obama since he thinks he rules the world !
are you sure it was not a multiple sight work place violence type thing ... ugh
lets see if the lib media will pick this up. finally someone calls this what it is.
could it be that their coddling of the terrorists streaming into their nation ; somehow encouraged the wolves ?
ottawa shooting : - soldier shot at war memorial - parliament hill locked down - pm harper safe , '
just days after a soldier was hit with a car .... likely not a coincidence.
confirmed reports that there were three shootings in ottawa : at a war memorial , at the parliament and at
nothing but jihad supporting cunts
3 consecutive shootings planned attacks by a particular group ?
breaking news photo gallery : parliament hill attacked , soldier shot at national war memorial
in very sad mt “ : breaking parliament hill attacked, soldier shot ”
rt breaking news photo gallery : parliament hill attacked, soldier shot at national war memorial
i caught myself after pressing the button. i can certainly believe it. you are right.
nice to know same paramilitary response common in great white north
that is but i know there will be rethinking about how open canada will be
cue the lefty the worst part about terrorism is the risk of islamophobia “
good. glad you are safe. x
who are these clowns ?
yeah why blame the when you can cast a nation as a boogie man.
from what is this ? i can not read it ???
. god bless our soldiers & amp ; keep them safe
was the soldier who was shot just injured or killed ? what is the update on the victim ?
it is just awful. i can not believe it.
amp yes it is horrible & amp ; depressing. )
yes. and yes. glad you and yours are okay.
breaking news : at least 3 shots fired at ottawa war memorial . one soldier confirmed shot -
all our domestic military should be armed, now.
can not believe it i was there less than 24 hours ago
so who is the brainier on the right that looks like he is taking a picture ?
i thought are supposed to be polite for once ....
snipers set up on national art gallery as we remain barricaded in centre block on parliament hill .
very rare. but it has been increasingly likely as we chop away at meet hath services
violence does not automatically indicate a relationship to me.
364 days a the cops are 100% unbelievable. today, everyone lines up to suck them
how the guy got that far leads me to suspect this is not what it seems.
the truth will never come out. martial law is coming
. what a silly response. they are targets 2 an embedded sniper. needs a make-over.
i am only saying that all three scenarios are plausible.
because does not fuck around with security
if it every guy in the nhl would be institutionalized.
that is why there are professionals. average citizen can only currently make a guess.
i have had concerns about that for a while
showing the shooter where those police are ???
why would you tweet the location of snipers ? who does that help ?
from the same cops and government who tell us that cancer-curing marijuana is evil.
in historical terms this is a blip. screw those losers.
call me bad i hope those fucktards get their asses kicked.
might be a good idea to not tweet about police movement/location ?
the science is it can not cure, i got a link hang on ...
this one was pretty good. stay strong ! odd day, but have a good one anyway.
and i know they will too
very helpful why would you tweet that !!??
email me at when you get a chance - good to know you are safe nathan
maybe just window
not everything will come out. but we will get details, especially these days.
sure but in how many years has this happened ? this is extremely unusual.
you expect social media to shut down during a shooting ? thats when most tweets happen fuckboi
holy i would never have known that was possible
action snipers r barricadedcentreblock parliament hill
the three people brought to ottawa hospital after today’s shooting have been released in stable condition . live blog :
what is all this tweets saying
there were only two releases. the third person that was brought to hospital died
propaganda is the executive arm of the invisible government.
are you guys gonna report on this for the next 3 months like everything else
terrorist in be on alert. wake up !
released in stable “ condition ? “ what ???
coming up live ottawa shooting : stephen harper to address nation
where is out leader harper ? already heard from obama !
we appreciate your feedback.
coming up live ottawa shooting : stephen harper to address nation ”
thanks for the warning. i shall prepare my vomit bag.
too i barfed already.
too too late sadly. their policy / policies have come back to bite them really !?
soldier killed in canada shooting was a young reservist with a six-year-old son pray for him .
so i repeat god bless him, pray for his family
god bless and keep them !
he was a brave the shooter is an evil killer.
for and most for his son and his family.
he and his family will be in my prayers.
on duty as a ' guard ' with an empty weapon. wtf ?
stop the they are all rotten fruit from the same tree
lord please bless him and his family.
god bless and his family, he is in the mansion of the lord now.
these are not timid colours ; soldiers back guarding tomb of unknown soldier after today is shooting
no apology. not the same photo at all. good try.
who wants to have a “ go “ ???
not a hoax. this is before the shooting
really why would somebody post this without saying that ? twisted.
this photo was taken this morning, before the shooting.
that may be harsh. he seems to be honoring. just unaware of source.
no it was not the 19th. it was today. look harder.
the soldier on the right is the one who taken by visitor moments before shooting
i do not believe there are soldiers guarding this area right now. 2/2
it is not a but it also was not taken * after * the shooting.
do not steal other people is pictures without attribution. pretty simple.
because people like love stealing other people is pics to get its.
that’s the photo tweeted this morning claiming to be of the soldier who was killed.
this appears to be the shot taken before today is shooting.
apparently a hoax. best to take tweet down.
that photo was taken before the attack.
a guy who claims to have taken this () says it was earlier, before the shooting ...
jason kenney says canadians soldier shot at war memorial today has died . employment minister also says parliamentary guard wounded
why the reference to the commander ?
says canadians soldier shot at war memorial today has died. ”
confirmed the original report via twitter. the soldier passed away
has there been any reports about if the shooter or shooters being shot or captured ?
i trust the family was informed first ! if not this a breech of protocol !
no one else is saying the solder died, this is all coming from jason kennedy.
i have heard it is incorrect and has been rescinded. clearly nobody knows what is happening.
globe has the story now too. may he rest in peace.
at least we know that after school activities are canceled. thanks cbc !
needs to learn his role ....
says canadians soldier shot at war memorial today has died. ”. heartbreaking
the gunman in ottawa has been shot and killed . i am at a loss for words this morning .
news is reporting the gunman has been shot. are you bitching at them also ?
they confirm facts before reporting '.
maybe people should not look to the tweets of comedy writers for their news facts ?
the gunman is still on the loose.
why should not a private citizen make a comment on a news event ?
seeing as though i was 100% correct, yes.
please wait on this. also sounds like multiple suspects. people need to stay vigilant.
the news report i am watching currently reported the same thing before kelly tweeted it.
i had heard the same before i saw you & amp ; many others tweet.
i had confirmed the first gunman was dead when i tweeted.
it is harper is though
i try unfortunately i don’t think it’d protect me against bullets
what is your source that is not confirmed !
might want to actually confirm shit like that before tweeting.
where is the i give up “ emoticon ? do you not understand twitter ?
perhaps all of twitter should follow him so we can learn the proper ways of tweeting responsibly.
yes from her newly decorated la living room. just like egypt.
kudos to your relaying of second-hand information ! do you have an app ?
i know what i am doing here, thanks.
you managed to confirm before any other news outlet in canada. bravo.
that was considerate of you ! all the best.
nhl postpones tonight is leafs-senators game because of
postpones tonight is leafs-senators game because of ”
postpones tonight is leafs-senators game because of ”
rt postpones tonight is leafs-senators game because of
postpones tonight is leafs-senators game because of wow sad & amp ; scary
and we even have a hash tag for it.
world like three people.
journalist captures outbreak of small-arms fire inside parliament building in :
journalist captures video in parliament building in : ”
journalist captures outbreak of small-arms fire inside parliament building in : ”
ran like soldiers right at the gunfire.
journalist captures outbreak of small-arms fire inside parliament building in : “
canadian authorities ' were aware of potential -style attacks for weeks '
authorities ' potential -style attack
how can they fight in iraq when they have so many in canada.
breaking : one gunman has been killed following a shooting on parliament hill , sources confirm to ctv news .
thoughts and prayers to everyone in ottawa. very tragic
what are the chances his name has an ahmed/mohammad in it ?
journalist on who witnessed scene telling the world that soldiers guns are for show only @ memorial ???
snipers now on top of ottawa is national art gallery after gunfire at parliament ( pic )
is not a glass roof a really dumb place to hang out if you are worried about gunfire ?
stop tweeting how ab a little thing called opec to help members end this
harper is justification for increasing military spending
do not tweet locations of police officers ! your compromising security !
was must be an american tourist !
please do not tweet police positions at this time.
very reliable source on parliament hill tells me the assailant has been killed .
i am not. i just received an email from someone in center block.
are you inside can we talk to you on global news ?
your source is half there are 2 of em.
very reliable source on parliament hill tells me the assailant has been killed. ”
god i hope this is true.
thanks are you in ottawa ? stay safe
very reliable source on parliament hill tells me the assailant has been killed. ”
watch live : the scene outside parliament hill where a soldier has been shot
please do not broadcast location of officers for their safety
all of needs to pray.
note to all those in moments of gas & amp ; cellular networks are jammed in response
new : ottawa police reporting 3rd shooting scene , at rideau centre mall , close to parliament hill
their tweet says near idea center, “ meaning it could be chateau laurie or other locations.
ottawa shooting : kevin vickers labelled ' hero ' after taking down gunman in canadian parliament
well done kickers as if he had not it could have been much worse
rt shooting kickers labeled ' hero ' after taking down gunman in canadian parliament
very brave gunman. he probably shot the idiots while they were discussing nothing. loooool
just in : canadian soldier killed in today is cpl . nathan cirillo thoughts & amp ; prayers to his
connection to sniper den found near chicago ?
such a waste of a human life. my thoughts and prayers are with the family.
: soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl . nathan cirillo
a soldier standing on guard at a war memorial in ottawa was shot and killed
what a terrible shame. rip.
soldier killed in identified as cpl. nathan carillon via ”
hero. soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
so awful. god bless his soul.
sir. we will bring these men to justice.
rip soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
tragic. soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
rip to him and thank you for his bravery and service. heartfelt condolences to his loved ones.
canada parliament shooting : - still active shooter - 3 separate shooting sites - multiple gunmen - 1 gunmen dead
fuck it is on now you fucking pieces of shit
time to break out the german raf manual from the 70 is/80 is.
icymi : sergeant-at-arms kevin vickers hailed as hero for stopping shooter on parliament hill
you are my hero sir !! thank you and god bless you !
kickers hailed as hero for stopping shooter on parliament hill ”
kickers hailed as hero for stopping shooter ” under saluted
salute to our sergeant at arms you protected our house and sent some scumbag to hell !
icy mi sergeant-at-arms kevin kickers hailed as hero for stopping shooter on parliament hill
cancels tonight is game between and due to today is shootings . senators were to host maple leafs .
you need to flake off ass ....
how but understandable.
ya it does bother me. was looking forward to tonight is game.
stay classy .... i am sorry that a tragedy ruined your ability to watch a sporting event.
that disappoints you .... today ? wow ...
did not i say flake off “
game not canceled.
this was the right thing to do
at least your polite self absorbed person.
now i is confirmed as a national emergency.
us army increases security at tomb of the unknown soldier at arlington nat'l cemetery as precaution due to ottawa shootings
in that tomb why protect someone or something who is already dead !!??
let is arm the soldiers and put them in combat gear !
i hope they give us soldiers ammo to protect themselves. reports canadian soldiers had no ammo
not really that odd. would rather take the precaution than not.
it is ridiculous that our enemies understand our military weaknesses but most american do not
complete if you can not trust soldiers with a couple bullets, we are all screwed
proudly at his post this nation thanks you and your family
no. the soldiers who stand guard at the memorial do not carry loaded rifles.
was corporal carillon is rifle loaded ?
god blesses this soldier for his service to our country and bless his family for their loss.
rip thank you for your service to canada
i wonder if they will get ammunition now !
our hearts go out to the family of the corporal what a spineless thing to do
proudly at his post this nation thanks you and your family ”
it was documented earlier today that the honor guard at do not carry loaded weapons
updated : soldier dead , 2 others injured in parliament hill siege ; 1 gunman dead
oh we stand on guard for thee. no one can harm canada/canadians and remain safe
soldier 2 others injured in parliament hill siege ; 1 gunman dead ”
god bless and keep us safe !
he is not just a soldier ! he has a name. honour him.
the fear on this mans face is so heartbreaking. so much respect for what these people do.
why not go ahead and inflate to a blockade ?
videos all aids copyright paul luzon
my thoughts & amp ; prayers are with the family & amp ; friends of the soldier killed today in
nation at war. operational requirement now should include vests for these duties.
has independently confirmed gunman killed in parliament attack is canadian-born michael zehaf-bibeau .
many thanks to at arms for shooting that creep !
just a gunman ?
stop using that piece of garbage is name. he is garbage. he is not human.
thanks for clarifying independently confirmed.
independently confirmed with whom the same source as everyone else ? from the us ?
why was it confirmed by cbs and cnn before cbc ?
breaking news : new york times is reporting the canadian soldier who was shot has died from their injuries .
hi i think we are talking 2 different incidents now the quebec one is what i referred 2
me either. there are reports he is still alive. but not looking good !
is reporting he is alive.
maybe you should get your info a little more locally
no report he has died !
my heart goes out to the family.
the incident in quebec versus today in ottawa
perhaps wait for source.
just said he is being treated and is stable ?
not according to what i have just heard on mtv.
but both would indicate there is need to increase surveillance & amp ; ability to detain
prayers and thoughts to his family and friends ....
forever remember cpl . nathan cirillo . never speak of the shooter .
that photo chokes me up - what a tragic loss
we will talk about the shooters for years, not nathan. etc
strongly agree forever remember cpl. nathan carillon. never speak of the shooter. ”
not true. iv forgot the islamist name already. our first to fall will never be forgotten.
well said. cpl. forever a hero and never forgotten.
rest in peace good sir ! thank you for everything you did
nobody mentions bring no publicity to this inhumane mindless devil. all for the fallen
deepest condolences to cpl. carillon ' family ! salute !
cute photo with the dog. seems to have been a dog lover.
if not i will go pick the pup up myself. my dog needs a friend
gunman killed in parliament attack named as michael zehaf-bibeau , a canadian born in 1982 , american media report claims
homeland security probably identified his pic from their data base of suspected terrorists.
.... where did us media get his name and why is cbc reporting us reports ??
which media this guy is non-existent online
the two are not necessarily mutually exclusive.
is he a terrorist or just a lunatic ?
mt gunman killed zehaf-bibeau, a canadian born in 1982, american media report claims.
have you confirmed this for yourself ? if not why are you repeating it ?
the five eyes mm stick together, but other eu/russ/ countries give media balance
but u also give aboriginals oppression and assimilation, do not be surprised about homegrown insurgents
violence should be the last resort in canada
perhaps not but we seem less concerned collectively when murder occurs every day in this country
anyone finds him on yet ? “ : terrorist killed in parliament attack named as michael zehaf-bibeau “
how about the part “ reportedly of algerian decent “
with helped set up the october crisis - do we really expect a real convenient can threat ?
i agree. but no real difference beyond terminology !
how do we know this is true ? and is it right to publish this yet ?
how did the get that before canadians ?
has sinned and is doing wrong by following america is agenda but there are other ways here
. is smarter than that.
i hope u r right but harper has substantial core support for his r wing agenda
it is irresponsible of to release any name without confirmation from
i but i am not surprised about this and how the attacker is canadian
would they give the name to cbc after their performance on monday on p camp ; p
even the darned thing was passed.
but when our backs were turned, another omnibus bill was presented ...
breaking : nhl postpones tonight is senators-leafs game in ottawa
breaking postpones tonight is senators-leafs game in ottawa ”
our thoughts and prayers to ottawa.
breaking postpones tonight is senators-leafs game in ottawa ” the right thing to do 👌
the absolute correct move. let ottawa heal and play some other time.
news conference on shootings expected to begin momentarily . watch live @
that link does not lead to a live feed
news conference on shootings expected to begin momentarily. watch live @ ”
reports man has been apprehended on parliament hill . as many as 30 shots fired - soldier shot at war
this is unthinkable. what is in store for our future ?
what about low income housing news did you hear any things
lots of other reports say there is still a shooter loose.
hope these reports are true. quick response from all personnel thank you !
canadian media : gunman shot soldier at war memorial .
so is strict gun control policies have failed again
oh one gun death for every couple of thousands in the us - and probably terrorist
media gunman shot soldier at war memorial. ” what
exactly. safer there than here in the states by far.
and so it begins invades our peaceful country starting with the ones we let in
non terrorism by definition canadian media : gunman shot soldier at war memorial. ”
do you really think that it is possible to stop everyone ?
rest in peace corporal nathan cirillo .
they need to be exterminated like roaches.
bless you and your family ! god bless canada during this time of such sadness
send them to all muslims
killed by a peaceful fun loving muslim.
for the follow. greetings from canada. canadian-american alliance right here.
what a handsome young man. yet another victim of political correctness. political correctness kills !
please re tweet. this is disgusting !
this hurts my heart
comfort and peace 2 this hero is family !!!
your tweet makes my page better :
hamilton argylls soldier , nathan cirillo , on the right in this picture , dies in ottawa attack
fellow argyles nathan carillon
r i p you will forever be remembered for your service.
the canadian soldier shot at the war memorial in ottawa has died , according to two members of parliament .
heard it from the military ? has his parents ?
may his soul rest in peace
disgusting attack that confirm the west is under attack from vile terrorists
praying that no more innocent people will die out of this. thanks for the update
members of parliament should not be making death announcements. not their place.
one person shot outside centre block , a second wounded inside the building in parliament hill shooting
if reacts same as his home break in he will want full on armed forces assault on isis.
one person shot outside center block, 2nd wounded inside the building in parliament hill shooting “
media account posts picture claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau , dead suspect .
could you point us to the account ? i am a reporter
try reading my time line instead of asking me to repeat myself.
so there is no source ?
its just very juvenile of an answer at an inappropriate time.
i could tell you but then i would have to kill you.
for everyone else who does not want to read your whole time line
can you do me the accounts too ? i have some choice words
many here in media looking for the source of this photo.
it is an old joke. if you do not get it, watch more spy movies.
follow me please. i will do you.
thanks for the info.
are u full of shit or is this true ?
where did you source this pic ?
suppose that is real that guy is carrying a lever action rifle it looks like ?
just a coincidence. obviously a white angry racist
can you tell me where you got the picture ?
could you tell us your source please ?
my name is jean bond. i am french, could you tell me more ??
do you work for the media ?
breaking : canada police investigating michael zehaf-bibeau as possible suspect in ottawa shooting : source familiar with matter
looks like the reacting to this tweet are inviting more people to join islamic state.
eh who said they did ? and with whom ?
you seem to be up on archangels. can you explain the double-barrelled name ?
time for a sidewalk sandwich for all terrorists
find the bastard and put a bullet in his head
do not share a common language.
i do not find this very surprising unfortunately ...
president and would say this attack was because of a video
: soldier shot at the national war memorial has died , ctv has confirmed
rt soldier shot at the national war memorial has died, mtv has confirmed
so sad. veterans day will take on such an important meaning.
soldier shot at the national war memorial has died, mtv has confirmed ”
utterly heartbroken rt : soldier shot at the national war memorial has died, mtv has confirmed
confirmed how seemed to be uncertainty
soldier shot at the national war memorial has died, mtv has confirmed ”
confirmed by and was it on an official statement ?
terrible strength amp ; sincere condolences to his family.
heartbreaking news ... we are all feeling it today
rt soldier shot at the national war memorial has died, mtv has confirmed
" i saw a long gun , i heard one shot " - eye witness to at canadian parliament
attack our sacred our war memorial time to nuke mecca and madinax-terimanate muslims
lies and propaganda are traditionally the tools of theocracy, fascism, and totalitarianism. cancer
republic of citizens 122 minutes massacred. please help.
not a lot of people know canada was involved in the wars in the middle east.
stayed in 3 years ago lovely city terrible to see what is happening
canada investigating michael zehaf-bibeau as possible suspect in ottawa shooting : source .
... you are in my prayer ... canada means a lot to mean ... debbie be strong
mt police investigate zehaf-bibeau as suspect in ottawa shooting : source
so ... maybe this kid had issues.
response team touch each other is shoulders so a sniper can pace his shots easier.
why not mention the shooter was an islamic follower
a and his name is michael that is surprising
u said he was not muslim because his name was michael ? do research 1stmichael zehaf-bibeau
i am surprised you did not tell everyone how islam is the religion of peace. lies exposed
its a strange what region does it represent ?
president and would say this was because of a video
investigating zehaf-bibeau as possible suspect in ottawa shooting : source.
i do not have time to argue with douche bag
settle down we have evidence :
one shooting victim succumbed to injuries . he was a member of the canadian forces . our thoughts and prayers
. just confirmed that a member of the canadian forces has “ succumbed to injuries “
congrats on your tweet !
confirm one suspect and a victim - a cf member are dead
congrats on your tweet !
breaking confirm one shooting victim succumbed to injuries. he was a member of the canadian forces
sympathies to family from this family in england xx
breaking have now confirmed death of soldier shot at war memorial
cpl . nathan , the soldier shot dead today in . rip sir and thank you for your service .
god bless him and comfort his family.
i did mean him just clumsy phrasing on my part.
i am owed nothing. that guy gave his life for us
i did my own tribute to this man who gave his life.
if only they had stricter gun laws ...
a million tears for this young man. and a million thanks
breaking : at least 20 shots have been fired in the canadian parliament in ottawa , according to witnesses .
may secularism thrive order more investigations against those oppose terrorism
sergeant-at-arms kevin vickers hailed as hero for shooting canadian parliament gunman :
kickers hailed as hero for shooting canadian parliament gunman : ”
a true hero well done sir.
give that man a raise !
just glad he had a gun ...
kickers hailed as hero for shooting canadian parliament gunman : “
will this be another work place violence ?
kickers hailed as hero for shooting canadian parliament gunman : ”
kickers thank you !
videos all aids copyright paul luzon
thank you kickers ... we could use u at the whitehorse.
soldier shot by gunman outside canada parliament dies , minister says , as police search for multiple suspects
..... shame i was hoping he would survive. r.i.p
yea same. and no worries !
i just saying what is saying
that is what happen when you give space to muslims.
nice work amp ; the for sharing.
look within their corrupt system. cops have been arresting people that are innocent !
thank goodness for that .... prayers are with him and his family.
this has not been confirmed ! has not confirmed ! stop reporting until you have the facts !!!
this is not confirmed. this tweet was an error by our minister. our soldier is alive.
stop re tweeting this. he has not died. send prayers !
he is still alive. send prayers. that was a mis-tweet by our mp.
i understand ... i will not acknowledge the rumor until confirmed by medical or police.
yeah just heard was hoping it was wrong.
2 maps are saying it according to cnn
that is not confirmed yet.
canada soldier shot near parliament has died , an official says
definitely the slowest news agency.
soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says ” heartbreaking
soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says ” my heart is breaking.
soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says v
soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says ”
rt soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says
so take a moment
soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says ”
the soldier was shot in the chest. it was civilians who have rec would non-life-threatening injuries.
soldier shot near parliament has died, an official says ”
i just heard on live canada non life threatening injuries.
how very sad. rip hero.
gt gt ; the soldier is condition is not known as this time.
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ” can not believe it.
the among should not be among us !
stay rt : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
got evacuated at idea center “ : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
at war memorial ” 3 attacked in 2 days
the ops need more funds for storm trooper gear and mp5s to catch these scurytrrrsts !
arrest or neutralize these rapists, these chanting bastard slavers, before they murder more citizens !
soldier shot in the canadian capital of ottawa and a gunman is believed to have entered parliament .
world news world of news “
i thought guns were illegal in canada ?
3 confirmed shooting sites. up to 5 shooters.
you are doing an excellent job, heartily from
breaking : soldier shot at canadian parliament , authorities say
has a brain ?
i do not find anything funny about a soldier being shot at.
grunted has a sense of humor ?
it is a joke. relax !
how is the soldier amp ; is gun man in custody ?
that is an awesome picture.
typical rt has a war memorial ?
let me know when it is safe to joke again.
breaking soldier shot at canadian parliament, authorities say ”
oh no breaking : soldier shot at canadian parliament, authorities say
active act of terrorism in progress. make your jokes some other time.
breaking soldier shot at canadian parliament, authorities say ”
has a war memorial ?
breaking soldier shot at canadian parliament, authorities say ” misleading headline
" i saw one of the soldiers laying on the ground . " witnesses depict chaos in
am sorry to hear that 😮 what is this world ccomingto 😣
seems as though our country is under attack, not just another random shooting
it appears that this * gentleman did kill the shooter.
the parliamentary official who dispatched the shooter is this elderly gentlemen w the golden mace :
oh such an ordinary episode in brazil.
lies and propaganda are traditionally the tools of theocracy, fascism, and totalitarianism.
be strong medics and police. tough day at safe !
has there been any reports about if the shooter or shooters being shot or captured ?
sigh. he just passed.
aha and this soldier is dead.
i see well it all over the news in uk that he is has died 😕
credible sources tell there may be as many as five active shooters in
credible sources tell they are neither a source nor credible. ”
confirmation is given events change quickly. c among u know the drill.
it is called breaking news dumb ass.
. see. keep our kids safe !!
and is irresponsibly fueling paranoia for mouse clicks
armed citizens would have stopped or slowed the bastards down, argument against gun control
credible sources tell they are neither a source nor credible.
what is a center block ?
further proof this a tabloid network & amp ; completely unreliable for legitimate news.
mt credible sources tell there may be as many as five active shooters in
sorry but the words ' credible ' and isbn news ' do not belong in the same sentence.
true patriot love ... in memory of cpl . nathan cirillo ~ hamilton , ontario
yes a real hero bravery is hard to see today !
rest in young man !
my thoughts and prayers go out to this family
: ottawa police confirm to ctv news there were at least three separate shootings
rt police confirm to mtv news there were at least three separate shootings
rt police confirm to mtv news there were at least three separate shootings
wait ... is that including the shooting of the perpetrator ?
cbs reports ottawa shooting suspect was born in quebec as michael joseph hall . he is a recent convert to
it is literally in their name low
people will take any chance to hate on islam and it is disgusting
a sensible person on twitter. who knew.
oh now of course but its ridiculous to kill just because his god told him to.
i would not say low at least towards christians
because he is a jihads retard
like that but it is still based off islam
u do realize that where isis controls territory that the islam they practice is what everyone practices ?
i would expect better from an independent news source.
funny how if a white person shoots up a school no article ever mentions that they are christian 🐸☕️
yeah. people like to ignore the truth and mindlessly hate on something because it is ' cool '
amp why is that relevant
sure most of them are, but there is definitely a portion of them that are not normal
thank you once again for encouraging racial stereotypes, no need to mention his religion. at all.
but why did you have to add the “ islam “ part
everyone take a moment to honour cpl . nathan cirillo the fine solider that was killed in ottawa today
a true hero our hearts pray for his family.
lord hold his family tight comfort them help them heal
praying for and his family tonight.
my heart aches for the family of the canadian soldier murdered this morning in ottawa . rip ❤️
the death is not officially confirmed yet.
so sad. may he rest in peace.
yes it is. they just confirmed it.
no he is alive. wrong info given out !!!
and confirmed death.
i am just glad your safe and not touring near the area
reports are varying ..... believe the solder is still alive.
police confirm the soldier is dead. conflicting news reports ... this being the latest update.
news just confirmed it .... the soldier has indeed passed away. rip
you young lady need to grow up.
breaking : canadian official identifies dead ottawa gunman as michael zehaf-bibeau .
last i check is prime minister asked them to be there.
well here we have another lying muslim.
the northern have always been intolerant and violent, it did not start with book harm
blame the government n not blaming the shooter who is mosley ? a typical moslem😁
they kill non believers who happen to be a mosley
rt breaking official identifies dead ottawa gunman as michael zehaf-bibeau.
and i do blame our govt somewhat.
has no place in our society.
. the did not murder themselves as well as the “ enemy “.
you also can not blame people for being terrified. people should however stand together and kill these guys
if i am not mistaken his action is a reaction.
yup as their oil was sold to the usa and they never gt the benefits
rt breaking official identifies dead ottawa gunman as michael zehaf-bibeau.
so what is if they do not kill anything ?
harm is not about oil, i live in southern nigeria, so i can tell you
i agree with you.
harm is an terrorist group period
you know nothing about i will appreciate if u shut ur mouth.
i do not support that ... that is against humanity ...
for the stereotypes made towards muslim people. i was saying that it is sad, but true.
more about the victims. may they rest in peace
he converted. the attack a few days before came from a radicalized convert too.
also do not kill any human being and i can prove it through (our'an 5:32)
not treat the symptoms unless u treat the causes of terrorism
yup which is so
they terror non do not they ?
western media or radical media n pr ? be honest
all that believe in koran and sharia are terrorists.
is it a pure lie now buddy ?
they are not affected by media/govt corruption but have to deal with their own internal problems.
thank you that is exactly what it is.
they are are not they ?
u are entitled to your opinion but that is not my opinion.
i mentioned his religion not with a single word, so what are talking about ...?
let them fight their own fight. what do u care mr texas ?
is still a peaceful religion ?
no more peaceful than any other religion
breaking official identifies dead ottawa gunman as michael zehaf-bibeau. ”
stop the madness. and read his history
yes treat the which is that radical muslims should stop teaching their children to hate
whatever. i believe in both and am not terrorist.
i wish everyone was thinking like u
instead of calling terrorist or is it only muslims are terrorist ?
and we can make the world peaceful if we are together.
but what if he really is ? can not trust religion, especially that one
no love i disagree with u on that.
do not kill innocent kids and mothers
rt breaking official identifies dead ottawa gunman as michael zehaf-bibeau.
he is. he converted ....
were they also founded by the us ?
i am identifying that guy as an asshole.
do you know how many muslims they kill daily ?
the very peaceful in the south are living very peacefully with their christian relatives.
who is an are devils and destroyers
those have it figured out !
just because there is oil there does not mean it is your business
news : shots fired at parliament hill . follow developing story :
news shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
6 medics are performing on a fallen canadian soldier.
news shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
i hope everyone is ok
news shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
i can not even click on my news alert app news its so busy
news shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
more : confirms name of soldier who was killed in as nathan cirillo .
. is the one on the left in that photo, taken moments prior to shooting.
may he rest in peace ! he gave his life serving his country !
there is a special place in hell for sub human(s) that did it
what is with the praying hands and the american flag ? this guy was canadian.
tread on me or my flag. and especially israel.
rt more confirms name of soldier who was killed in as nathan carillon. …
is is looking for vulnerable important spots then start here. in u.s
you guys have absolutely no idea what the hell you are saying shut up please
please not everything is a conspiracy.
there is something profoundly sinister about a shooting on parliament hill . it is a sacred space , where we
.... we use words to plan wars and order bombings ....
words as sharper than knives makes you wonder, how the other half die ... ins
rt : soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl . nathan cirillo
may his soul rest in peace !
may he rest in peace.
i am so sorry for him, his family and friends. may his memory be a blessing.
rest in cpl carillon. prayers for his family.
prayers amp hugs to his family.
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
rest in peace soldier and god bless you.
for so many reasons.
ctv reports that soldier shot at war memorial still alive .
that is very good news if true.
link i tweeted confirms. these things happen when news agencies report 1st soundbite they hear
please be accurate. mtv reports that soldier shot at war memorial still alive. ”
the assailant is also now deceased both were alive upon arrival.
thank god rt reports that soldier shot at war memorial still alive.
i am so happy to hear that. hope for his improvement !
reports that shot at war memorial still alive. ”
is this true cos according to the news coverage in watching his death has just been confirmed ?
i really hope so. rt : mtv reports that soldier shot at war memorial still alive.
new times is reporting his death. obv hard to get accurate info
a soldier was killed to days ago in an attack in quebec, times may be confusing incidents.
ap video : gunman shoots a canadian soldier standing guard at the national war memorial in ottawa :
its called journalism you idiots ....
. this has no place being put on the internet for glorification. shame on you.
why would someone shoot a canadian ? arguably the nicest country in the world.
did you even watch the video ? that clip is about 3 seconds long.
prayers to terrorists hate god and freedom. stay strong, god bless and keep you.
all the hallmarks of an attn by those who believe “ from chaos comes order “ : us journo
why because we are a free civilized who despise terrorism
police say there are 3 shooting scenes : parliament , war memorial , rideau centre . they happened close together
they said two people were hit but not in serious condition.
any news on the young soldier ?
mt police say there are 3 shooting scenes : parliament, war memorial, near idea center.
the in provides support against attacks
oh no the mall too ? there are always so many people in that area
shots are fired outside canadian parliament in ottawa and a soldier is wounded , local media report
shots outside parliament in and a soldier is wounded, local media report
i am guessing they ran out of beer “ a “
stop killing baby seals please canada they belong to the world !
reports are that is being blamed
and morn you should my comment was not meant to disrespect a fallen solider.
is supposed to be a happy place -__-
shots fired inside the center block of parliament. staff and maps are in lock down.
that is a worry shots on outside, are not the communists in side shooting there best call
this was is first tweet when the story broke ; tragically, cpl died of his injuries.
what is going on with canada lately, it is usually so quiet over there
hey you gotta be consistent with your message, even if it seems asinine
when did turn so violent
stop your and i will stop canada from clubbing the babies seals. deal ?
watch live : manhunt for canadian parliament shooting suspect via
i looks so calm and pretty in that pic. i want to visit !
watch live manhunt for canadian parliament shooting suspect via ”
horrifying but i doubt it will have anything to do with islam
parliament should must be secured immediately & amp ; all terrorist should be taken to task.
watch live manhunt for canadian parliament shooting suspect via “
may we be of any assistance ?
watch live manhunt for canadian parliament shooting suspect via ”
confirmed one shooter is dead. there is probably more than one shooter.
watch live manhunt for canadian parliament shooting suspect via
watch live manhunt for canadian parliament shooting suspect via ”
multiple sources tell michael zehaf-bibeau is likely shooter in
yes he speaks clear english i do understand.
i see your a pro at being a pro ..... hardcore right wing not much ?
is not ... easy to say but not the case.
sources tell zehaf-bibeau is shooter in ”
facts ... or any other legitimate accusation ?
suspect is passport said after designated “ high-risk traveler ”, like martin rouleau-couture.
and please ... enlighten me and teach me knowledge oh wise one.
it happened in smart guy
lockdown | parliament , library main branch , u of o , downtown schools , ottawa police hq , cbc
what about city hall its 2 blocks from the war memorial
it is all schools not just downtown
fuck ... i have class !
is in lock down ? what happened ?
not moving from home. these terrorist are not loyal.
is it attacking land and parliament ?
the whole city until they catch him. like in boston and monitor
thank my dear friend. what a horrible day for canada
all gov not buildings as well
1 day after threat level raised ? bets on region of peace involvement
is place portage on lock down
so i am locked down in centre block on parliament hill after at least one shooter burst in and opened
burst in into how ?
center block on parliament hill ? like he just said ?
breaking news : one soldier has died after ottawa shooting , suspect(s ) still at large -
2 of 3 patients in stable condition. must wait for state of health from dept national defense.
soldier not dead ... shot and wounded, currently at hospital.
story here : soldier shot in ottawa at war memorial
also there is currently a gunman in the parliament block. is covering that
rt story here : soldier shot in ottawa at war memorial
thoughts go out to the victim. rt story here : soldier shot in ottawa at war memorial
story here soldier shot in at war memorial ”
story here soldier shot in ottawa at war memorial ”
ottawa police confirm 3 separate shooting incidents today ; 1 on parliament hill , 1 at war memorial and 1
does not sound like a coincidence to me, at all. looking forward to finding out more.
is on they are ass now.
who is they that you are referring to ?
this time it is not use
they did raise their terror warning in the past 24hours so they must have gotten word of this
dressed in black with a covered face ... 1 guess.
why must there be shooting in us every time
wake up folks ... it is on the way !!!
breaking : peter mansbridge now reporting one suspect shot dead inside parliament hill
my niece works there. hope she is one.
this is kevin vickers , sergeant-at-arms who reportedly killed a shooter inside the parliament buildings
thank you for taking your job literally, sergeant.
way to go kickers ! a good guy with a gun.
is pointing him out the smartest thing right now ? without knowing details ?
a good guy with gun “. well trained too.
we r being told it is still not safe outside downtown . shooter on the loose . university of ottawa
jihad has come to i reckon.
i am so sorry to hear this violence has reached canada. i wish you all safety.
hi could you follow me so i can message you ? thanks so much
i am hearing cell phone service is shut down
kindly follow back wanna ask u something(private) through do please
scary my thoughts and prayers are with you !
today is events should not break our resolve
police confirm to they are still seeking 1 or more suspects after shootings on parliament hill , war memorial ,
this has to be crushed to the point it will not rise again
rather than point why do not you stand united with the rest of canadians.
yes why not stop criticizing and you need to realize that put our lives at risk
you guys do not realize that harder is a snake and your lives are at stake because of him
your radical are being funded by american senate, israel and saudi arabia
exactly so why did you or your friend already pointed the fingers at muslims
you are too ignorant to understand that extremism has always been there. blame harper
you force that woman in your pic to dress that way ?
your govt has changed to a military nation ...
that is cause only focused on humanitarian aid and not military
these extremist infidels are the problem not our govt
wow you are dumber that i thought. have not you asked why canada want in danger before ?
radical extremists are making us victims.
the way is leading this government, there will be many more attacks on our
they do not give a shit about islam they care about regional tensions
i can not believe people focus on stupidity instead of real problems.
over. is a windbag, name one good idea that he has tabled ?
you are such an ignorant wow keep running your mouth cause you are an idiot
liberals sent me and many more canadian soldiers to afghanistan in the first place ...
that is the we want, not a canada that wants to send its military all over me
i am a proud afghan & amp ; i support canada is presence in afghanistan
your defense and justification of islamic terrorism is disgusting
when our sole purpose was to help civilians with humanitarian aid in the past under liberals
we follow our we need them and they need us.
you you blamed our foreign policy to start with ...
has never been this dangerous before until changed their
is the only country needed help
that is two terrorist attacks under harper and counting !
you are an imbecile and because of imbeciles like you, our lives are in danger
lives are at stake because of isis and extremist snakes and cowards, not harper
' new book spoiler alert. “ my dad was famous ... the end “
i just think we need a change
foreign policy is making a victim
are you middle by chance ?
needs afghans welcome foreign help. today afghanistan is much better place thanks to canada
i believe pushed it too far
no ones even confirmed this was an islamic attack yet.
ottawa police correct their info . no shooting at the rideau shopping centre . everything now points to one gunman
everything now points is an interesting phrase under extant circumstances
who was down in parliament then ?
two people left the car. still looking for one
but several witnesses saw two men emerge from parked car without plates
wanting to keep ' vigilance ' w/o saying some crazed terrorist got away, maybe on a motorbike.
that is good well less horrible news
our love and prayers are with you and all canadians. 🙏
breaking : the most terrible news of the day so far : soldier has died of his injuries
our condolences go out to this soldier is family. this was a senseless act if violence
does it have to be deemed “ most terrible news ? “ many children have also died today
has confirmed this with the and, or is this based on what said on twitter ?
yes he was from - our city in mourning and hoping your city is safe
he died not long ago but before they said he was alright
extended video : numerous gunshots heard inside centre block on parliament hill
why are you sharing this video ?! should not be allowed ! stop glorifying these maniacs !
how sad for the soldier and his family
extended video numerous gunshots heard inside center block on parliament hill so scary
stay safe everyone in praying for everyone is safety
extended video numerous gunshots heard inside cecenterlock on parliament hill ”
this is insane numerous gunshots heard inside center block on parliament hill “
i hope no causality ....
hope every things goes normal soon
what the heck rt : extended video : numerous gunshots heard inside center block on parliament hill ”
thoughts & amp ; prayers to the family of cpl . nathan frank cirillo . killed today in ottawa rip
prayers and condolences for the family
heaven has a new angel to protect the gates, prayers for the family
canada is minister of employment jason kenney says the soldier shot in ottawa has died -
he was talking about the soldier that passed on monday in quebec
damn rt is minister of employment jason kennedy says the soldier shot in ottawa has died -
can someone please confirm and not go by kennedy who may or may not no.
heard he is fine. which one is it ?
he died in his country if not for his country.
. oh newton oh my god
is minister of employment jason kennedy says the soldier shot in ottawa has died - ”
this has been retracted by many news outlets. please confirm and correct.
is minister of employment jason kennedy says the soldier shot in ottawa has died - ”
the minister of employment so ... bullish ? seriously why is it this guy who says this ...
is minister of employment jason kennedy says the soldier shot in ottawa has died - ”
ottawa hospital confirms it has received 3 patients . 2 are in stable condition . live blog :
rt hospital confirms it has received 3 patients. 2 are in stable condition. live blog :
canadian prime minister stephen harper is due to make a statement shortly , reports say
harps on like a seal harper nick name anzacthnilism war, alert full war and roger wilcox
john son i shuttle bug wet affair
will he can get story straight during historic + missing files of or
maybe you may have some accurate facts to communicate to community not rhetoric or about memememxxx
harper is a masonic zionist tool. he can fuck right off
an official apology is needed from prime minister harper for this embarrassing and disastrous security failure !!
the i did not see that coming “ speech
reuters : one gunman has been shot dead inside canadian parliament building
one gunman has been shot dead inside canadian parliament building ”
there was more than one ?
one gunman has been shot dead inside canadian parliament building ”
there is no concrete indication yet that this incident has any connection with isis, correct ?
i expected it given threats i just would not think canada would be the first
sounds like a 2nd suspect shot now
one gunman has been shot dead inside canadian parliament building ” wtffff
thanks. i can not believe it ....
so there is more than 1 shooter ?
if this turns out to be a jihad, may the world wake up !
a photo of cpl . nathan cirillo , killed in today .
a photo of cpl. nathan carillon, killed in today. ” heartbreaking.
a photo of cpl. nathan carillon, killed in today. ” rip ❤️
my thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends. rip
a photo of cpl. nathan carillon, killed in today. ”
so sad and senseless 😩
a photo of cpl. nathan carillon, killed in today. ” so sad !
shooting someone is already bad enough , shooting a soldier guarding a war memorial is just disgusting
it is the lowest of the low lower than scum more evil than satan himself shoots guard in back
recap : gunman shot dead inside parliament buildings ; police believe there may be others on loose . cdn soldier
all i am trying to point out is that has never been very useful to anyone.
this is the second soldier killed this week by possible “ terrorists “ now under investigation.
there is far more tragedy than raw, unclothed, animosity here.
more than anything we need sobriety, not sensationalism.
so what they are doing is right ??? you are backed !!! you should be on a list !!!
hunt them down like the animals that they are !!
fear has always been easier to manipulate than courage.
: 3rd shooting incident reported in at rideau centre mall
. and now reported as false. no shooting at mall
3rd shooting incident reported in at idea center mall ” stay safe everyone involved !
now they say not inside the idea center.
inside the idea center or outside by the mall ????
there is an entrance to and through the idea center.
this was refuted by the mall itself.
do you think this could be / related ?
breaking : ctv news reports that a solider wounded in a shooting at the national war memorial has died .
breaks our hearts and our condolences to his family
so sad. thoughts go out to the family.
and with the late news
probably that armhole being a no twat ' on twitter !!!
2 soldiers in 3 days .... might wanna raise that threat level to high
so sad. thoughts and prayers to his family.
all ottawa police stations are closed . university of ottawa in lockdown . campus closed .
classrooms are but buildings are not ?
heartbreaking photo shows fallen soldier nathan cirillo just moments before shooting
what is the mood like in your home town about this ?
this photo should be given a place of honor
that is construction tape. probably doing some work on it.
makes no police tape ?
its sad. and crap world we live in now. thought is win his families
an honor guard shot down in cold blood these people are certainly not god is people they are
heartbreaking photo shows soldier carillon just moments before shooting ”
corporal nathan cirillo , shot dead at war memorial today , was 24 . reservist was member of argyll and
at the going down of the sun and in the morning we shall remember them rip cpl carillon
did you know the connection so desperately sad.
so young what a horrible loss for our country
heartbreaking but stand together strong
so so pointless
condolences to his family as we struggle to understand how and why this happened.
rest your duty is done.
conservative caucus told canadian soldier shot at war memorial has died , soldier has not been named , but was
rip to the honored dead.
you are a disgusting individual. turning a senseless tragedy into a political statement.
thoughts and prayers go out to the fallen soldiers family. sad this has to happen.
may the soldier rest in perfect peace. dıd not deserve this cruel end.
glued to the television so sad rip young man canada is proud of you
stay with us for live coverage on the active shooting at canadian parliament :
a radicalized killed one canadian soldier and now that .... i am pretty sure its one.
those is pigs plan multiple attacks in one day. that their modes operand.
what are the odds this is terrorism ?
it looks like the disease is spreading ...
would need potassium iodide pills and would have to go west to get away.
shooter inside the parliament has been killed, second one still on the loose
stay with us for live coverage on the active shooting at canadian parliament : ”
i live in a little town that has not been targeted since wwii.
we need some or radiation or something to kill the tumors.
possibility of a third one too
can happen stay safe.
a video seized from the ukrainian troops is showing nazi battalion don bass executing don bass ...
a canadian soldier has been shot at the country is national war memorial near parliament .
a soldier has been shot ”
hang on. we do not know why and why yet.
dirty we need to crush them like cockroaches.
my map shows tweets from shooting site …
our borders are secure is gonna kill us. support !
soldier confirmed dead. sad day in canada.
if there were a referendum in the uk on the death penalty i for one would vote yes.
canada is parliament building locked down after shooting ; at least one guard injured : photo : ap
lies and propaganda are traditionally the tools of theocracy, fascism, and totalitarianism.
rt is parliament locked down after shooting ; one guard injured : photo : ap
... you mean least 1 guard died
u mad bro thought u was hard core
update : police : " several shooting incidents " being investigated in downtown ottawa :
so there is no safe place. prayers for our canadian friends.
why must there be so much violence against our own people. instead of compassion and love🌟🌟🌟
holy i see thanks phil, just reading up now.
update police : “ several shooting incidents “ being investigated in downtown ottawa : ”
let me the shooters are black southern baptists, right ?
all bridges from are now closed ! active search still underway ( 11:37 est )
rt we are all infidels “
rt all bridges from are now closed ! ”
developing : shooting suspect at large inside canadian parliament : reports
there have been many. many more prevented by taking out the shooter before they can kill more.
i thought we were safe in canada ... alas evil exempts none.
rt developing shooting suspect at large inside canadian parliament : reports
that is the dumbest conclusion you could have made. give your head a shake.
go cower behind your gun free zone “ sign while calling 9-1-1, hippie.
only 1 so far and that is the shooter ...
developing shooting suspect at large inside canadian parliament : reports ”
gun laws lots of dead people
put a bullet in his head !
go back to riding your unicorn in utopia. may your kind words stop the mean terrorists.
does anyone know where cruz is ?
breaking news : u.s. agencies have been advised that shooter was believed to be a convert to , confirms .
who cares about u i do not and i do not think anyone does
really .... shocking actually we all knew that already !
that confirms just another case of workplace violence !!!
where is the threat huh ?
communicate with ppm of different walks of life too
can you tell me where it says kill someone who does not believe in islam ?
that these terrorists are a real threat. they americans and people of other religions. accept the
was laziness not lack of knowledge anyway
ya it all depends on which part of the koran they choose to follow. beginning is peaceful but
just as guilty as terrorism from extremists. what is your point ?
but they are sick fools and you do not usually see people of other religions killing
because they are racist ignorant pieces of shit that believe anything that is told to them
that terrorists flew two commercial airlines into our towers and killed 6,000 people. also hijacked a 3rd
could not just be a crazy who happens to claim to be muslim
person who committed the crime of 9/11 nobody would be calling all white people terrorists
please stop i still love my head 😝so peace out !!
because is not a religion. it is jim jones on a global scale !
reality of it. to clarify i am talking bout the extreme ones. not all muslims.
me and never said that islamist are the only ones who commit violence. we are just stating
so anyone who shoot and kills or bombs is a muslim this is too low even for
that is just wrong u should be damned ashamed
i still named more than u so shah !!
you are all blinded the media 9/11 was an inside job ask your govt
this is only a surprise if you are a democrat or a fool
start thinking for yourselves do not let the media do it for u
no amount of discussions will change the fact that these extremists are killing in the name of allah
because their religion usually does not tell them to murder people who do not believe
what about student who walks into a school with an automatic rifle and starts shooting at his mates ?
is made up of radicalized muslims that will kill anyone in their way. including other muslims.
luckily there is good ppm who still stand together in unity and do not let fear and hate infect
people shoot each other everyday why bring religion into it do they even know the motive behind it ???
do not represent maybe the united states govt ask
big corporations and the rich are riding high on the wave of fear created by the media
no kidding. all you have to do is think violence .... yep, muslim.
terrorists. you just assume that. isis is killing muslims in the middle east that support peace.
a religion of peace amp ; love ... 👎
they have an agenda against islam always have ... why are they he only one is reporting it ?
they usually leave that part out
wish you did not have to rely on wikipedia to talk about christian terrorism unlike islamic terrorism 😜
mentally mentally ill ... those who needed help but were not helped or never sought help
maybe but becoming a pretty sure bet.
oxford debate on islam :
you think is the threat think twice
you obviously missed where i said only the radicalized ones are jihadists. i never called all muslims
was it hard to guess ?
yes because that is what they keep telling you wake up
now there is a shock. how many reps we sending to his funeral ?
what do you know about 9/11 ??? really
you win i think that is what you want
the do i get a prize ?
claims they represent true islam hahn technically they hold true to the real islamic belief
i think he knows since he said it low
making us fear our neighbors serves their purpose to take our eyes off the gop
expected news : shooter was believed to be a convert to, confirms. ”
update from ottawa : -cdn soldier dies from shooting -parliamentary guard wounded -parliament hill still in lockdown
it looks like confirmations are coming in now.
come to the battlefield we will deliver you to the shellfire
soldier dies wounded-parliamenthill still in lock down
hope all my friends and colleagues in ottawa are safe. terrible that this is happening in canada ...
i do not think the soldier is dead. you guys are mistaking the soldier from monday in quebec
the civic hospital has not released any information on the status of the injured soldier.
rip cpl . nathan cirillo of the argyll and sutherland highlanders
may his memory be a blessing.
urgent in this sat at 4st sw war memorial, plzz rt ty god bless canada !!
why are people always praying for ppm involved in destruction from islam. never hear of muzzles praying.
we mourn with not go to sleep like we have in the us.
a hero murdered by a vile post.
rip. sad. is evil
and prayers to the family
rip cpl. carillon of argyle and sutherland highlanders ” amen
. another hero ... another atrocity
ottawa police confirm that there were multiple suspects in the shooting , saying there were " possibly 3 " shooters
terrorists all over the world no need for correction
you said far more than you think
militant on the rampage !!!
i hope this is not just a prelude to a bigger attack.
correction armed terrorists on the loose !
i would not put anything past a muslim !
killers go berserk when cornered. henceforth, no lapses in security should be there.
no , michael zehaf-bibeau was not wearing a gamergate t-shirt during the ottawa shooting . the people spreading this are
i was one of the guys he completely disrespected. he is a horrible human being.
what kind of pathetic post uses a tragic event to bash a consumer revolt.
i agree. there are a lot of aspects we need to look in to as a movement.
heres a virtual handshake and pat on back for you
its all good. everyone has been super great in their support. is freaking amazing.
you know what is worse ? i am not even that surprised.
just the fact people are trying to use such recent tragedy to push their views out is fucking gross
i heard that rumor too. what piece of shit tried to drag go into the ottawa shooting ?
and i just figured some ass would try that but hoped they would not.
these people are truly disconnected with humanity, if not reality.
it is because the trolls make you guys easy targets for the media.
no problem mans. we all gotta stick together in times like this eh ?
i also suggest forming your own game review site where you display ethical journalism to lead by example.
as a fellow thanks
this is what i am trying to figure out
but thanks for staying regardless of backlash. people still emotionally high strung atm.
yea but the media does not care about what you do positive just what the trolls do negative.
really not surprised they did it either. im appalled that they would tho.
look at these disgusting human beings.
men changed to people. typical saw sign. that sucks. sorry you went through that
i am not even sure if i want to refer to them as human.
istand easy , brother ' : soldier killed in ottawa identified as cpl . nathan frank cirillo
are but this boils my blood. let is protect us canadians.
thank u cpl. for ur service may u rest in peace.
if this was i hope canada declares war, walking into our capital is not tolerable.
remember this face. this was the face of freedom .....
condolences to community and country.
rip soldier. our nation is heart aches this evening.
scene outside canada is parliament where soldier shot by gunman at national war memorial ,
disgraceful hope he recovers soon x
because is attacking is in coalition is given warning recently ...
please sign amp rt follow
are you was this where you work ?? terrible news
in is the story of earth is coming true ..... save our planet ...
mad max way of it will be a rogue society.
rt scene outside is parliament where soldier shot by gunman at national war memorial,
no shit did not see that. that is scary.
just search it they announced it clearly ...
. : " incidents occurred at national war memorial , near the rideau centre and parliament hill . " live
the incident occurred at national war memorial, not at the war museum. are correct
dramatic video of gunfire inside hallways of parliament hill. (the globe and mail)
as per your coverage there were 2 individuals taken out of the bldg by protective cover
wonder if the attack from yesterday is connected to this ?
oh my favorite city !
our police are doing an axing job protecting us still might be a shooter at large
more and more this sounds like a planned terror attack. i do not like this. 😐
site is hard to reach right now.
so soldiers get run down by radicalized person yesterday, and now this ...
breaking : hospital says it has received 3 victims from ottawa shootings , 2 are in stable condition .
breaking hospital says it has received 3 victims from shootings, 2 are in stable condition.
how many dead if any.
if 1 was 1 of the shooters why stabilize him ? pull the plug.
is reporting police say soldier, 1 suspected gunman dead in ottawa shootings. ”
police now say there were two shooting incidents in ottawa : one at the war memorial , the other on
how was at both places simultaneously ??
let is wish the best for and this time of tragedy
and i hope you are arrested for saying shit like that
were not you reporting three incidents earlier ?
breaking news is fraught with mistakes. calm down.
the ottawa hospital now says " all three patients involved in today is incident have been discharged "
a nonce was beaten to death in milton keynes, the world needs to know.
so how many died in syria today ?
you upset because the world is not focused on the middle east for one day ?
do not thank god. thank the medical staff !
normally a little shit in the soldiering sense but surprise is worth a lot
thank god happy to hear this
thought was nice to live
biggest showing how corrupt is who to fight. here the video :
ottawa police service : there were " numerous gunmen " at the canada war memorial shooting . one person was
police. “ numerous gunmen “ at the canada war memorial shooting ... “
they have however confirmed 3 separate shootings. so there is that.
numerous more than three ?
good thing all those police with guns were there !
hard to say yet but note that similar incident also happened this week where some islam convert attacked military
what is the reason behind the attack ?
was always such a safe city. this is madness.
they had not at the time i posted. ever changing news for sure. scary times
i read about that. maybe this is also an islamic attack.
most likely terrorism pure and simple and certainly confirming american warnings that potential threats now inside.
police confirm shooting at war memorial . reports say victim may be a soldier .
police confirm shooting at war memorial. reports say victim may be a soldier. ”
rt police confirm shooting at war memorial. reports say victim may be a soldier. ”
mps credit sergeant-at-arms for saving lives in parliament hill shootings
that gaze alone will make most people wet their pants
good guy with a gun stops bad guy with a gun ....
i guess that mace is not for show
he is a good man. he has worked to keep the place open.
he looks tough and could we get this guy to hold classes for our secret service ?
maps credit for saving lives in parliament hill shootings ”
is telling the world that we are up to the task of defending !
maps credit for saving lives in parliament hill shootings ”
maps credit sergeant-at-arms for saving lives in parliament hill shootings ”
credit for saving lives in parliament hill shootings great job !! ”
maps credit for saving lives in parliament hill shootings ”
the nhl has decided to postpone tonight is - game in ottawa . the right decision . the only decision
agreed ... just took too long to make it
seriously. did you think it was not going to be canceled ?
so sad and this for all involved
how on earth it was ever a question, i find disturbing.
ottawa hospital says it received 3 patients after shootings ; 2 stable , will not give update on soldier -
breaking the soldier has died.
i pray for the quick recovery of the injured.
: soldier shot dead in ottawa attack identified as hamilton , ontario-based reservist cpl . nathan cirillo .
oh now that bad day what happened in otter
. name should not have been released, shame
why release the name why ?
his rifle was likely and/or without ammunition.
hero . : kevin vickers , head of security in parliament , being credited for taking down shooter "
the real hero is the soldier who lost his life doing his job and serving his country.
. this was an attack on all canadians whatever stripe obviously these despicable acts are from cowardly cretins.
statement from hamilton mayor bob bratina on death of soldier in
sentry was a reservist with argyle & amp ; sutherland highlanders of hamilton h/t :
we are in full lock down until further notice from ottawa police .
glad you guys are
any reports of shots fired inside the idea center or just nearby ?
we were near here trying to drive to wake field. stuck in afc now
only photo i will tweet . cpr being performed on the soldier now . i heard four shots .
i was there before the police were
why are there no police ??
i have no issue with warning people whatsoever. but to take a photo, please !
stay safe. hope you are never in the same situation.
we will not agree on this and that is okay. if you are in ottawa stay safe.
who the hell would shoot a protector of our freedoms, not a canadian i hope !
the photo does not show the soldier. it shows the response. brave bystanders trying to save him
sure. please credit me though.
... seriously you are trying to profit from this ? think about it ...
so. instead of helping you took a picture for profit ?
so expecting to get paid for doing his job seems pretty professional to me
i would like to be paid for it, on account of being a journalist.
wow. prayers for the soldier.
will both fit on the lower thirds ? i would appreciate name, then handle.
i can add both for sure. thank you !
yeah posting information about an evolving shooter situation is less worthwhile than an untrained journalist performing cpr
reports of gunshots unconfirmed rt : only photo i will tweet. cpr being performed on the soldier
will do would you prefer your name or your handle ?
way to care for people.
could you email me please to and i will explain better, the
witnesses say several dozen shots fired inside parliament buildings after canadian soldier shot at nearby war memorial .
do we have status of victim ?
dramatic video of gunfire from inside parliament hill :
dramatic video of gunfire from inside parliament hill : ” this is scary stuff
did they at least hit ?
dramatic video of gunfire from inside parliament hill : ” wt
dramatic video of gunfire from inside parliament hill : ” this is terrifying
a gunman is killed after shooting at war memorial and canadian parliament in ottawa , media reports say
i just think it is important to differentiate.
it is you are an idiot. education is a wonderful thing.
gay marriage goes against the bible. abortion ? goes against the bible.
how am i an extremist please ? i am not even a religious person ?
read exodus then shut up
what complete rubbish. this is the religion of peace ' at work yet again.
we need to stop brainwashing children and let them come to their own conclusion on the matter of religion
you sound like
better get used to this because it will be happening worldwide
which is why open dialog is important. that is what i have with my children.
any motivation you can see there ? no, point invalid. good bye
have a flick through some more aggressive bits of the duran all. their incompatible
again there are different versions. you should see the iranian one.
what they are doing is completely against the koran in any case. not the made up one.
learn how to spell immigrants before making stupid comments like that !!
oh well some people do not deserve to know the truth
a gunman is killed after shooting at war memorial and canadian parliament in ottawa ”
fanatical justify killing someone the same way a fanatical muslim does. it goes against their religion.
point is these guys are radicalized. different from the law abiding muslims.
gunman is killed after shooting at war memorial and ccanadianparliament in oottawa,media reports say
again terrorists. not do not shoot at people, terrorists do.
sounds like they have a fab mum.
hey is that you ?
there are always going to be fanatics and the lunatics that carry out the worst possible scenarios.
kevin vickers hailed as hero who took down attacker at parliament hill :
my bad. meant to link u this. the sgt at arms
a hero in all of ottawa is hearts !
well done kickers. tremendous presence of mind.
this is a man who both speaks quietly and caries a big stick ! sincere thanks.
this is the kind of hero we need in today is world !! thank you kevin for your bravery
brave man with weapon stops evil in its tracks. a hero indeed.
everyone who was involved in trying to protect citizens of ottawa are heroes.
at arms is actually armed ? thought it a more ceremonial title than anything
witnesses say several dozen shots fired inside parliament buildings after canadian soldier shot at nearby war memorial .
it her stations reports shooter was shot.
so scary. be safe everyone in and praying for you !!!
were the soldiers guarding the war memorial not armed ? what did the second soldier do ?
they looked armed to
mp trotter tweeting that suspect shot & amp ; killed.
they are honorary guards ... so likely unarmed.
regardless. . it is tragic my hometown will be forever changed
we are all infidels “.
clearly that needs to .
they are armed in that they have ceremonial rifles.
forces and city in lock down. be safe !
that is not in
witnesses say several dozen shots fired inside parliament buildings after canadian soldier shot nearby. ”
map of the locations of shootings in ottawa , at war memorial , house of commons and nearby mall
god flesh them whose super from war
something is spelled yes outaouais.
how is it spelled wrong ?
canadian authorities have given name of suspect in ottawa attacks to u.s. feds ; ask for fbi assistance : sr
my map shows tweets from shooting site … …
any time line on when the public gets the name ?
the probably already knew him quite well, if past incidents are anything to go by.
what is happening in today is devastating. this is canada, peace loving !!
breaking | this is a photo of michael zehaf-bibeau , gunman in this morning is shootings in ottawa .
you are foolish and therefore ... foolish.
the person that took the photo smokes.
me really. weird.
it also depends on your location too. the small towns around montreal are quite french.
huh think you may have missed the joke …
in my town its pretty much 40% french 50% english 10% other.
naturally. i was poking fun at this person’s earlier tweet
had to share this on my site. thank you !
death was too good for this animal
that what i figured. this is o messed up.
you are rude and therefore blocked.
got a link to this twitter ?
speak your in
oh why did he have to wear that fucking handkerchief ?
this is a photo of michael zehaf-bibeau, gunman in this morning is. ”
go and fuck your goat.
breaking photo of michael zehaf-bibeau, gunman in this morning is shootings in
. source and origin of “ photo of michael zehaf-bibeau “ ? verified ?
confirmed by police sources to cbc, according to cbc tv
photo of gunman in this morning is shootings in. via
i your photo on landscaping company
why not focus on the victim of today tragedy
is hard to learn in montreal no one teach or talk to me french in montreal
just saw people tweeting the photo and claiming they got it from an isis account earlier.
sick ... crazy man bring insulting images toward are muslims
are you kidding the quebec gov’t offers very cheap french classes
ottawa police : actively looking for one or more suspects in canadian parliament shooting .
one day you will be hearing the word “ you are the last muslim left on earth “.
big trouble in how is that working out for you up there in ?
i think we very often hear the word canada
police actively looking for one or more suspects in canadian parliament shooting.
police actively looking for one or more suspects in canadian parliament shooting
possibly more that one shooter ? what are the odds this is terrorism ?
actively looking for 1 or more suspects in canadian parliament shooting. ”
go rock yourself son of a biaaatch
nhl postpones wednesday is leafs-senators game due to tragedy in ottawa
postpones wed is leafs game due to tragedy in out ”
seriously wow. only a leaf fan.
breaking : two new patients coming to ottawa hospital civic campus . one with gunshot wounds . just confirmed
rt two new patients coming to ottawa hospital civic campus. one with gunshot wounds. just confirmed
canada police say suspect in ottawa shooting still at large , tactical units on scene .
please tell me the police took care of him/her with an empty magazine in return fire !!!
reporting gunman still at large 10:32 am. i just came home to this !
police say suspect in ottawa shooting still at large, tactical units on scene. ”
police say suspect in ottawa shooting still at large, tactical units on scene. ”
i hope that is true.
3 tips of life bubbles
they have guns in black powder muskets ?
statement from ottawa hospital : received 3 patients . 2 in stable condition .
. certainly a typo.
thank you for up date --- great job -- thank you ------ pop --- canada
everything needs to be confirmed of course. it would make sense though if true though.
so what is been happening in canada ?
this is s dry run for what that have planned for us in usa.
probably meant in the afternoon & gt ;. & lt ;
media account posts pic claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau , dead terrorist via
shooting raw coverage photos all photos by paul luzon copyright
has brought upon itself. it has no business in m/e. its a self created american problem
oh you know of the godless cult of isis ? imay have underestimated you .....
media account posts pic claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau, dead terrorist vi
ya some cancers like western control of arab oil & amp ; goats she is treated with radiation/nt islam
... and again ... which acct ? what is the source of this ?
no one said it was isis. stop your propaganda ply.
can you share the source ?
r cowards they attack weak un armed, islam is begging4it.
i agree but some people still have their heads buried in the sand, it is for them.
just wait for to lead the lamentations and renting of garments over the scourge of workplace violence.
is occupation centuries by terror should have explained islam but did not to no created ispak-1947
did really anyone has any doubts about his ' roots ' - no way
have yourself a nice day on your short bus.
that you assume the heretics of the ussr to be on the correct side is tree role.
5 fast facts you need to know …
this thing is and deserves no publicity. canada-on guard for thee !
global news camera man reporting shots fired by chateau laurier hotel
warning shots as reported on cnn to get people to stay away to sort people out
rt global news camera man reporting shots fired by chateau laurie hotel ”
global news camera man reporting shots fired by chateau laurie hotel
my capitol city will never be the same !
ottawa shooting - soldier shot at memorial - parliament hill on lockdown - harper , mulcair , trudeau , safe
my twitter shows shooting
that is great. the important question is how is the soldier ?
canadian officials : soldier shot in ottawa has died
please let him now rest in peace.
for rt officials : soldier shot in ottawa has died
has there been any reports about if the shooter or shooters being shot or captured ?
incredible. just heartbreaking. rt canadian officials : soldier shot in ottawa has died
harper to make statement today after gunman shot dead in . pm safe , not on parliament hill , being
how sad that is providing more detailed information on this than cbc.
did they know about these guys too ?
soldier killed in ottawa was a sherwood grad . he could not wait to serve his country . rip cpl
soldier in grad. he couldn’t wait to serve his country.
tragic. my heart goes out to his whole family.
video : reporter captures shoot-out in ottawa is parliament hill building . watch :
video reporter captures shoot-out in ottawa is parliament hill building. ”
i am sure first shot fired is from a rifle.
absolutely. i was curious myself. glad they stopped him before he did more damage.
thank you for following up. i would be curious to know who fired first shots.
meaning that would be the suspect shooting ?
condolences pour in for family of cpl . nathan cirillo , killed in
. on to a better place ...
precisely. only pictures and names of heroes like cpl. cirillo and kevin kickers should be used.
so full of life. it is all so damn senseless.
poor guy. rest in peace guy.
here is the footage shot by globe reporter of gun fire in parliament hill building
mt cops running towards gunfire : here is the footage shot in parliament hill building
thanks for josh. stay safe !
rt here is the footage shot by globe reporter of gun fire in parliament hill building
so sad that this has occurred.
are the involved or is there a drill on as per
update : shots fired on parliament hill , soldier injured at national war memorial in ottawa
update shots fired on parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial in ottawa ”
update shots fired on parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial in ottawa ”
rt update shots fired on parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial in ottawa
listening to via. praying for every1 in & amp ;.
update shots fired on parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial in ottawa ”
rest in peace cpl . nathan cirillo and thank you for serving our country
rip cut my thought are with your family and friends love from the uk
are you we are having a debate on 31.
rest in peace cpl. nathan carillon and thank you for serving our country ”
born in raised in the us ?
brave man. may his soul rip.
rest in peace cpl . nathan cirillo .
another fallen hero ... he will be missed. prayers to all.
rip brother from police officer ❤
rest in peace cpl. nathan carillon. ” respect !
this is truly heartbreaking my deepest sympathies for his family and colleagues💔🙏
beyond terrible. rest you brave soul
rest in peace cpl. nathan carillon. ”
we all share your sorrow. long live canada long live turkey
rest in peace cpl. nathan carillon. ”
police confirm iseveral ' shootings in ottawa ; pm safe ; downtown buildings in lockdown
a few more sharpshooters on the roof and a tank and it is ferguson !
. us gun culture is moving north.
please stop posting pictures of the army deployment ...
i am so glad the pm is safe. hell with the 3month old.
in response to ottawa incidents , norad increased number of planes on higher alert status ready to respond if needed
prayers going out to all those affected by the ottawa shooting in canada this morning. 😢😔👏
your preaching to a preacher of this stuff.
rt in response norad increased number of planes on higher alert status ready to respond.
offs mt in response to ottawa incidents, norad increased number of planes on higher alert status
; head desk sgt ;
all the hallmarks of attn by those who believe “ from chaos comes order “ : usjrno
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
our thoughts to all those in ottawa “ : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
gunfire inside parliament soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
time to get snipers out on the roofs. take him out, no talking !!!
rt soldier shot at national war memorial in
soldier shot at canada national war memorial has died ; police are looking for several suspects
we wondered what was being planed at the end of histories trial.
you have misspelled murderous unresolved cowards “” as “ suspects “.
so sad rip complete and utter disgrace
probably .... they are at war with us ... wake up
rip hopefully now they will allow ammunition for their rifles ! poor kid
the so called religion of peace strikes again !
so many religious nut jobs out there, sad it is spreading to other countries
wish was back at work ; my family and i really miss his reporting !
this is so sad cannot believe happening in my country
so what is wrong with people !
a canadian soldier who was standing on guard for thee is gone . our thoughts are w everyone affected by
rt we are all infidels “
: one assailant shot and killed in parliament hill - but still active shooting situation & amp ; shots being
any news on soldier who was shot ?
shooting soldiers guarding the war memorial .... terrorism really does not get much more cowardly than that . bastards .
i agree its disgusting and more than cowardly !!!!
it is happening now canada
hope was able to establish a timely perimeter ... no small task in a densely urban environment.
goes to show they oppose everything we fought for in those wars
i thought so but was not sure thanks.
what when did this happen ?
let is hope each terrorist gets what he deserves - a bullet !
the soldiers are an honor guard, hence guarding, although purely ceremonial.
any bets on labeling this workplace violence ?
rcmp yelling everyone to back away from parliament hill . weapons out . word of shooting inside .
how did he get on property in the first place with rifle.
rt yelling everyone to back away from parliament hill. weapons out. word of shooting inside.
rt yelling everyone to back away from parliament hill. weapons out.
more : police say shots fired at 3 places : the national war memorial , on parliament hill and near
with liberals in charge sadly, it remains open season on th world
another terrorist angry men is i wonder who are these no life just to know to kill losers
citizens tired of voting & amp ; decided to “ storm the fort ? “
take a miss a whole days ' news ! ~
seriously god who is this crazy men is three separate shootings
that is a pretty big man-made disaster they got going on up there.
ottawa shooting suspect named as michael zehaf-bibeau – 2 u.s. sources tell abc news .
was wondering us media did not specify. thank you
who cares what this cowards name is let is heard more about the hero is
shared the news with the fbi to help em track the guy, fbi told public.
are they still searching for him or is this the dead guy ?
shit they do not need our help to find their shit out. we weak yo
the guy mentioned is dead. one more maybe two is possibly at large
university of ottawa now in lockdown after earlier shooting at canada is parliament buildings , says
loosing its grasp upon multicultural inclusion ?
rt university of now in lock down after earlier shooting at canada’s parliament buildings,
do not assume that it was islamist !!
after it brings to mind closing doors and bolting horses !
university of now in lock down after earlier shooting at canada is parliament buildings,
put money on it if not i will find this tweet and eat crow !
military amp very cop in ottawa on it. one down, more to go.
what is going on there ? what happened basically ?
terrorist attack on our still in progress.
latest : numerous gunmen involved in shooting attacks , manhunt is on - police spokesman
numerous gunmen involved in shooting attacks, manhunt is on them down
these fucking scum need exterminated off the face of the planet. isis scum
or just madmen ?
cpl . nathan cirillo identified as soldier shot , killed in ottawa today , aunt says -
poor guy hope they shoot them all
poor guy. we hope for justice and peace for his family
gunman had passport seized and had a travel ban.
cpl. carillon identified as soldier shot, killed in ottawa today ”
shooting raw coverage 22 2014 98 photos all photos by paul luzon copyright
kevin vickers , head of security in parliament & amp ; 29 yr vet of rcmp . being credited for
and a damn good still ....
looks like this guy is the hero of the day.
real hero here. rt kickers head of parliament security credited for taking down shooter
all should be able to carry guns after this incident.
the guy is a public figure.
definitely ... the utmost of respect and reverence.
the mounties always get their man. well done.
its time for cow in canada.
congrats on your tweet !
give the guy life long tax break, he is a national hero.
is it wise to id him like this ?
disturbing how many people want to add more guns to the equation.
deserves the order of for putting himself in the line of fire. saved multiple lives.
a true hero god bless and thank you for being there !
that does not look like a dude that should be trifled with
2 new victims en route to ottawa hospital ; 1 shot , both non-life-threatening , hospital says - ,
you can own guns in canada.
that is why there is so many mass shootings in countries with strict gun laws right ?
god keep you all safe. pray this deranged psychos are caught soonest.
developing story here : gunman killed in ottawa ; 3 shootings confirmed
developing story here : gunman killed in ottawa ; 3 shootings confirmed ridiculous
developing story here : gunman killed in ottawa ; 3 shootings confirmed ”
the soldier has passed this is such a sad day. prayers to his family and friends.
police confirm 3rd shooting in area of rideau centre , mall in downtown east of parliament hill .
any of our family in ottawa now ?
people shoot things in ?
fortunately not. although do have some friends in the area
and are under terrorist attacks by isis
is this any part of the isis crap ?! what the hell is going on ?!?!
police confirm 3rd shooting in area of idea center, mall in downtown east of parliament hill.
been there ... done that ! sucks.
thanks we are in lock down right now !!!
best of luck to our friends up north ! stay safe
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ” be safe ottawa !!!
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
ridiculous soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
pray that everyone will be safe.
i hope everyone is alright and they find whoever did this.
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ” wt stop this nonsense
please tell me the police took care of him/her with an empty magazine in return fire !!!
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ” special place in hell for this prick
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa is fucked up lately
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ” i hate people
i am at a total loss for words. : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa
scary scene unfolding in “ : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ”
this is the second attack to our armed forces in one week. smh
soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa ” oh canada ! get your guard up !
norad has gone on a high alert posture as a result of the shootings in ottawa , u.s. military officials
i can see why the cowards at norad are afraid.
man calling scramble 147th fighter wing faithfully did for 60 years while houstonians slept !
breaking : ctv news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill .
seems to be still on the loose in parliament.
breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ” wow ...
breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ”
yup that is great. literally 10 minutes away
rt breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ”
breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ”
breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ” vat ?
breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ” workers !
breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ”
breaking news confirms that shots have been fired on parliament hill. ” wt ....
just in : u.s. officials tell cbs news the name of the dead ottawa shooting suspect is michael zehaf-bibeau ,
he was a damn bastard you hole !
did us officials that information before canadian ?
how did get this info before any media in canada, where the shooting happened ?
according to the shooter is a recent convert to islam !
you run run !
he is on a search and destroy mission !
the daily mail on line had this information posted on its website about 8 hours ago.
yeah it is really strange that got more info than canadian is media
here is the link to the 8 hour old daily mail story :
god bless him for his sacrifice for his country and freedom. rip
it is a religion of peace ! i am stunned.
just workplace violence or something.
did not see thanks !
when do we find our he is also ?
i m sure he is a devout christian of scandinavian heritage
a terrorist shocked i tell you !
that name came from authorities first.
a terrorist shocked i tell you !
police say they are dealing with multiple suspects . cannot confirm whether both/all have guns . ottawa still pretty much
dealing with ... has anyone else been apprehended yet ?
isis media account posts picture claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau suspected shooter in
so who took the ? bull.
the this calmed it was posted from a leaked picture.
wow. planned attack in canada.
it is bullshit is what it is.
amen bullshit that is already in our house ...
hope he enjoys the flames of hell & amp ; torment !
mt posts picture claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau suspected shooter
police in pursuit of multiple shooters in ottawa ; pm safe ; downtown buildings in lockdown
good prime minister harper is ok
scary situation on parliament hill in ottawa.
praying for safety in today police in pursuit of multiple shooters in ottawa ; pm safe ;
the news thread on twitter has a bunch of people writing posts in arabic on it
sorry for your predicament. god bless canada and its beautiful citizens.
are not you funny you are heartless and stupid.
kill the lot of the peace loving religion 👍
how dare they i am so angry. thanks for your coverage.
update : reports of gunfire inside the halls of the canadian parliament building in :
how can that be is not canada a ' gun free zone ' pretty much everywhere ?
rt update reports of gunfire inside the halls of the canadian parliament building in :
shooter inside was killed. more than 10 shots were fired.
get the top rated necklaces here !! check em out here -- sgt ;
why do we tell the public about underground tunnels and where they lead !?
another attack focused inspired by directive 2 followers ?
they obviously forgot to read the ' no guns allowed ' sign
30 50 shots fired in the parliament of canada
update reports of gunfire inside halls of the canadian parliament building in : ”
one shooter dead one still on the loose according to police.
spread your fear fox. grow a set.
watch live : cbc nn coverage of shooting of soldier at ottawa cenotaph ; shooter still on loose around parliament
it is and the other day a shooting incident in quebec
good thing its easy for canadian citizens to arm and protect themselves.
this is ridiculously close to my house
coverage of shooting of at cenotaph ; shooter still on loose around parliament hill : ”
: mp gerry byrne inside building on lockdown . says this is tactical team . live coverage
prime minister harper is safe.
a video seized from the ukrainian troops is showing nazi battalion don bass executing don bass.
should he be giving out tactical information to would-be attackers ?
my opinion. seeking to take over us, world through isis !
... what is going on with the world today !! xx
updated | attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial :
attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial : v.
updated : soldier killed in identified as cpl . nathan cirillo from hamilton .
r. i. p taken far too, too early ...
my heart breaks for him and his family. crying as i type this ...
may his soul amp ; deepest condolences to his family 😪
thoughts and prayers go out to cpl. nathan carillon is family.
there are no but thank you rip
sorry u have to die just not right
my heart goes him and his family
some leaf players say they heard shots this morning from the tomb of the unknown soldier . scary events in
awful ... just awful. be safe all. thoughts are with family of soldier
it is unbelievable what this world is coming too.
i meant the one soldier that suffered injuries earlier in today is events
they better be . they need to be shot themselves !! pricks
breaking news : canadian officials now calling today is parliament shooting a terrorist attack -
rt breaking news : canadian officials now calling today is parliament shooting a terrorist attack - ”
like the 200-350 million who are bent on the destruction of our way of life.
if you can not acknowledge the obvious, quit wasting my time
no somethings off on that.
this is an unequivocal act of war. we need to blood well wake up
parliament shooting situation ongoing- 1 soldier dead- 1 suspect dead- no suspect in custody- 3 injured
declare war on whom fucked up losers in ottawa, internet jihadists from quebec ?
they are not insurgents. they are the army of the halifax. just asks them
if you are blind to that, then i am wasting my breath
before i begin with that you have to acknowledge certain statements of fact.
sent to sign of solidarity with us, not declaration of war against insurgents. learn !
oh please try ... names and dates will suffice.
afp : an official says a canadian soldier has died after being shot in
eight an official says a canadian soldier has died after being shot in ” 😪
no surprise there .... after 30 or more bullets were shot.
the so called religion of peace, as if !!!
an official what organization and do you have two independent sources ?
thinking of his family at this time. another victim of brainwashed psychopaths.
eight an official says a canadian soldier has died after being shot in ”
eight an official says a canadian soldier has died after being shot in ” rip x
gt very sad. r.i.p brave soldier. tragic.
cpl . nathan cirillo identified as victim of at national war memorial
so so tragic.
sad to have another victim by some loser who thought that islam is the greatest.
cpl. carillon identified as victim of ” rip nathan
every picture i have seen he has a smile, he enjoyed like
cpl. carillon victim of at war memorial
my condolences to his family and friends.
breaking : a source confirms to cp24 that the deceased soldier in ottawa is cpl . nathan cirillo . cirillo
rest in peace soldier.
so sad. too close to home. he is in god is hands now.
i teared up when i heard. rip cpl carillon.
very sad news. rip
our thoughts are with the family and friends of cpl . nathan cirillo and all those affected by the events
thank you guys in for all your love and support
update : parliament hill attack : soldier dies of injuries , gunman shot dead
absolutely it is very scary.
so sad some people refuse the magic of friendship
thanks i was really impressed at how quickly our law enforcement acted in the chaos.
thoughts and prayers go out to all my canadian friends.
update soldier dies of injuries, ” so tragic
even though i do not live in canada, it is sad to see a canadian soldier die
damn someone is rolling on ottawa. stay safe.
me too. scary to think there may be a violent suspect still out there
it really hits our hearts when this happen in our own home province ...
tragic day. shooting
glad to hear your fine. i hope they catch the other perpetrators for everyone is safety.
i am so ...
are you safe i hope everyone you know is safe too.
heartbreaking ... my thoughts with his family & amp ; friends.
attack on parliament : soldier shot ; gunman on the loose . follow our developing story :
soldier shooter still at large mt : attack on parliament : follow our developing story
attack on parliament : soldier shot ; gunman on the loose : ”
breaking news : suspected ottawa gunman identified as michael joseph hall , an sympathizer .
behalf bi beau is canadian born in 1982. he is 32 years old.
can suck my dick you weak minded pieces of unworthy shit !
i do not read newspaper.
drugs to convict me of the people in the store
correction was an isis sympathizer. now in hell with his sluts of satan ! 👿😈👹👹👹
breaking news suspected ottawa gunman identified as michael joseph hall sympathizer. ”
confirmed by both and nbc news, what more do you need ?
more shots fired just off parliament hill . police telling everyone to take cover .
my sending prayers. has he been shot dead i just read on twitter
rt more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover.
3,854,082 square mile zone ... | mt “ more shots fired just off parliament hill ... “
more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover. ”
rt more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover. ”
but not confirmed yet. 3 shooting locations so far. obviously planned & amp ; coordinated
how can you shoot the guard at a war memorial.
be safe amp vigilant❤️🇺🇸
rt more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover.
i believe if us from terrorists ! are not you more fed up with that ?!!
more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover. ”
that did not make sense.
until there is a terrorist attack on a legal shooting range they may as well be.
more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover. ”
sorry do they think it is terrorism ? or do they have an idea who ?
we are with you 🇺🇸🍁
more shots fired just off parliament hill. police telling everyone to take cover. ”
will be vigilant and strong. we will not be ' bullied ' and intimidated.
psst. guns are not banned in canada.
shooting : police claim multiple suspects at large , ask people to avoid paraliment area
chickens coming home to roost ?
is it is mumbai ?
avoid area so can make arrests
these dirty stupid cops trip over their own dick and step on their bu sums
two tory mps say gunman at parliament hill has been ishot and killed '
two maps say gunman at parliament hill has been shot and killed ' ” oh my
not what is reporting. but hope so.
wow. two maps say gunman at parliament hill has been shot and killed ' ”
rt two maps say gunman at parliament hill has been shot and killed ' ”
two maps say gunman at parliament hill shot & amp ; killed ' ”
good on you terrorists should be killed at point.
canadian soldier fatally shot identified as nathan cirillo .
soldier fatally shot identified as nathan carillon. ”
soldier fatally shot identified as nathan carillon. ” rip
shooting locks down canadian parliament ; one suspect reported dead
soldier who has been shot is alive in the hospital
shooting locks down canadian parliament ; 1 suspect reported dead. “
shooting locks down canadian parliament ; one suspect reported dead ”
rt shooting locks down canadian parliament ; one suspect reported dead ”
ottawa ! sending postive vibes . stay away from rooftops and windows in downtown . shooter still in parliament hill
thanks for caring about us homers. 💜
all on lock down here. praying this gets sorted asap.
damn. there goes my lunch
it is pretty scary up here kevin, all on lock down.
one gunman other supposedly still on run, shots fired.
same here send up prayers for all.
thanks we appreciate the love. still a few gunmen at large
oh no. how awful.
office is on lock down and the perimeter keeps moving further and further- awful freaky around here.
thanks for caring you are welcome here anytime
canadian soldier who was shot at is war memorial is a reservist serving with the argyll and sutherland highlanders in
thank you for the update.
on global just retracted the ! soldier is still alive ! jason kenny two misunderstanding of some sort
has his family been notified ?
apparently he has been shot dead
he is one of yours !
said deceased. rip dear soldier.
according to reports on twitter the soldier has passed away
just announced that the soldier has succumbed to his injuries.
why are we paying attention to anything kennedy has to say ? is he the deputy pm ?
reported him as deceased but i hope they are wrong.
my thoughts and prayers and with him and his family
tell us how our soldier is doing ? please tell us he will be alright.
only hears several times he was shot dead. but would be wonderful if they are wrong
hope he is going to be ok.
may he rest in peace. sad. no other words. just sad.
and is per latest update.
rick hughes at cbc hamilton : the soldier who was shot in ottawa wednesday morning is a reservist serving in
he is an argyle is the name of the unit
the soldier who was shot in ottawa wednesday morning is a reservist serving in hamilton ”
latest : suspected ottawa gunman identified as michael joseph hall , a convert to islam ; also known as michael
5 jihads convert in canadian parliament attack sgt ;
in other words a citizen converting to islam
so he was a convert.
thats what i was going to ask.
i am glad these extremist did not convert to catholic or baptist and change our religion !
what is going on in this world ? people using violence to push religious agenda ?
why do you have to id him as a convert to islam in the tweet ?
i can think of a few other good names for him.
. and i have been speaking to some of our allies around the world . the pm will address the
have not we already been through enough today ?
got some blood in the game now. do not ya ?
you assholes brought this to our shores, . you should both resign immediately. scumbags ! .
any word on when that might happen ?
the emergency measures act. use it. stop protecting evil at the cost of the innocent.
what time is the pm on tv tonight ?
with waiting 9 hours to make statement to canadians might have been higher priority
stay ... live ... work and then we just kick you out
i hope it is to resign. we need leaders not you dick weeds. fuck off.
i am sorry you had a terrible day but you have a giant stick up your ass.
what will you be up to ?
try talking to your citizens instead.
ottawa shooting - soldier shot at memorial - gunfire in parliament - pm safe , will speak later today
who do you think might be behind these shootings ?? sikulars like yourself ??
a bit late sadly i might add. beat you out
ottawa police service : no one was hurt in the shooting near ottawa is rideau centre . live blog :
. definitely then a behind the barrel. they are the storm troopers of shooting.
two more still at large ? shoot to kill !!!
is this related to actions in quebec ?? ya think ??
its gonna be stuff to discern other shooters from the population ! hope they find all the nut !
bullshit shot ad killed at least 1 of the scum bags more to come
one soldier shot and one shooter killed. do not know where you are getting your info.
all the hallmarks of attn by those who believe “ from chaos comes order “ : us juno
this is .. passing woman valiantly tries to save reservist shot in ..
bless her amp ; him.
us britain all allied nato countries do not give in 2terrorists
this is. passing woman valiantly tries to save reservist shot in ”
this is. via cc
this strange woman heroic act to save honor guard truly heroic her action of good slaps evil in face
passing woman valiantly tries to save reservist shot in. ” pop ✊
police say shots fired at 3 sites - national war memorial , parliament hill , and now rideau shopping centre
and hell is right here on earth ... 🙏'iking}
kindly verify your report of shooting at idea center ottawa, canada. local reports state otherwise.
and at a hotel too.
still looking for the others.
what is happening in this world and why this so much hate rage everywhere. so sickening😤😤😤
disgusting desert pigs. why the peaceful, polite canadians ?
i can not believe this is happening ...
if we are who are we against ...? whom do u blame.?
lets tag one religion like tat. as if other religions are holy.!!!
mt shots fired at 3 sites national war memorial, parliament hill, and now idea shopping center
rt at 3 sites war memorial, parliament hill, and idea shopping center
saying indications of more than one gunman.
sad world we live in most of the time.
one shooter is dead. shot by the sargent at arms.
we always feel the same over here when similar happens. hope it is all over. soon.
live : coverage of " several shooting incidents " at and near canadian parliament :
hey remember that question you got on about nothing going on in canada ? here is something
i live 8 hours away from there. i think i am good.
wakeup world we are all going to hell.
is someone trying to over throw the government or other crazy thing ?
live coverage of “ several shooting incidents “ at and near canadian parliament : ”
live coverage of “ several shooting incidents “ at and near canadian parliament : ”
the university of ottawa is no longer in lockdown .
thankful for this the university of ottawa is no longer in lock down. ”
shooting in canadian parliament comes day after isis-inspired radical drove in2 canadian soldier . also reports of shooting at war
any intelligent individual can understand your bullshit and where you are loyalty lies. it ai not rocket science
people r radicalizing because their democracy is being radicalized by elite.
journalists are not hence the media blackout against is by us. journalism is a crime
true but what about the one who presses the missile button knowing innocents will be slaughters ?
one definition a person that thinks it is ok to decapitate innocent journalists / aid workers
is running a live blog and tweet thing here on the shootings :
there is no media blackout against is in the us. please open a newspaper for a change.
how about dropping bombs on muslims all over the world. not radical.
cue the we will not be cowed by such dastardly acts “ speeches. * yawn *
nope. never agreed with you.
you just need to work for a jew
news reported by is journalists dipstick
work for a liberal secular or state news company. great
you agree journalism is a war crime. thanks for agreeing
breaking : shots were fired at three separate locations in ottawa , say ottawa police
is a story about a global pandemic, mandatory vaccines, 1st grade at freedom elementary
the game between the toronto maple leafs and ottawa senators scheduled for tonight in ottawa has been postponed , the
what took them so long.
wow how did you get that info ?
good idea better safe then sorry !
the soldier shot dead in wednesday is ottawa attacks has been named as cpl . nathan cirillo of
and respect to this soldier, this warrior. ...
my condolences go out to your family
my heart is broken ... i am so sorry. nathan. god speed hero.
that so sad pay go out his family
he even looks like a boss
rest in peace. an innocent life taken so tragically. in our hearts and prayers.
to hold news conference on shootings at 2 pm et , 11 am pt . watch live coverage @
is it over or are they still looking for the gunmen ?
our prayers are with our leaders & amp ; authorities, may they return safely to their homes
what is the matter with ppm crazy fuck
let is cut off his head and send back to his family in the middle east.
has by suspects been confirmed ? questionable.
unreal . -- & gt ; footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building
initial gunshot sounds like a hunting rifle or shotgun. wonder what the suspect was carrying.
horrible and scary. a brutal and saddening reminder of the threat of terrorism, domestic or abroad.
are stupid losers. lock all jihadists in prison cell made of bacon camp ; pork chops
rt footage from globe reporter captures gun fire in parliament hill building
wow. rt footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building
new : sources : deceased gunman who killed soldier in ottawa has been identified as canadian national michael zehaf-bibeau -
can i have more foreigners did we do they got to stop them now
we have let the enemy in the front door.
kills hundreds everyday just to take over their lands. palestinians born and die in camps
probably just hit the nail on the head with that guess.
let me he is muslim ....
in the photo of him he is wearing palestinian scarf. a palestinian terrorist killed infant in jerusalem today
did he work nearby and go after co-workers prompted and the admin to canada ?
: shooter is dead , according to sources on parliament hill
fuck. i told my teacher that and he almost let us out. he is a dumb ass
good do not let these bastards live long enough to late taxpayer money in courts and jails.
there is more than one shooter, not over yet.
rt shooter is dead, according to sources on parliament hill ”
jimmy pardon : shooter is dead, according to sources on parliament hill ”
shooter is dead, according to sources on parliament hill ” one of two ?
shooter is dead, according to sources on parliament hill ” unconfirmed by police.
shooter is dead, according to sources on parliament hill ” is it confirmed ?
there is 3 different but 1 is dead
shooter is dead, according to sources on parliament hill ” can we leave now ?
one is. other still on the loose
but they are saying there are 2 more
multiple gunmen no ??? so “ shooter is dead “ is misleading to say the least ...
gunman on the loose in downtown ottawa . canadian citizens disarmed by their government . target rich environment .
target rich environment sounds like you are planning something.
this is why i will never relinquish my rights to bear arms
time to crack down on deer hunters. lol
9. 9 million squared miles of gun safe zone.
watch gonna do when they come for you ? ♫
if you pulled out your gun on sparks street today you would have been dead.
this moron is an jones slim ball --- sgt ;
we have more guns per capital than our neighbors down south
so not the
do not talk white you bloody idiot.
breaking : soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa , hill on lockdown , shooter at large
trying to get coverage on this. not providing cnn so have watch hsbc,
shooter at large stay safe everyone
good news is canadian gov not successfully prevented zehaf-bebeau from joining abroad . bad news is he waged jihad in
with idiots like this fanning the flames it is no wonder
if he had gone maybe one of our airstrikes would have got him.
looks like a fatal flaw in the prevent strategy then.
if he was a terror suspect he should have been locked up not stopped from travel
perhaps better to have let him gone and denied his return ? big implications for europe here
shooting : police killed 1 guman , believe 2 or 3 still at large - reports
apparently he came to shore from his submarine after sightseeing in sweden.
can you please correct ?
can not be very good gunmen if they have only managed to shoot a statue low
was eminent for being haven & amp ; a sanctuary for these jihads & amp ; terrorists
not safe no more ? smh
photos of the scene in ottawa , where police confirm iseveral ' shootings
national gun control at it is finest !
one respect for democratic (! ) to emeritus främmestad sweden
i suspect too soon to tell
wonder if they are related to the guy that follows who ran down two ramps
this is so praying for peace and safety for our police and guards
i think you have that backward ...
thanks for sharing. i have added it to my rebel mouse page.
to can not tell how many ways you are wrong.
i have walked in that area so many times a lot tourists probe gonna actually put security there low
photos of the scene in ottawa, where police confirm several ' shootings ”
photos of the scene in ottawa, where police confirm several ' shootings ” con
very sad. will await updates. prayers to all.
scary photos of the scene in ottawa, where police confirm several ' shootings ”
this is what happens when canadian begins to look like us gun control.
photos of the scene in ottawa, where police confirm several ' shootings ”
photos of the scene in ottawa, where police confirm several ' shootings ”
soldier shot today : mt on sunday very handsome guard in picture with my friend - rip nathan cirillo
' rip highlander. our song more relevant than ever
now my tears are falling.
thank you for sharing this wonderful picture and revealing the very human side of this unjustifiable tragedy ....
thank you for sharing with the proud country.
tragic my heart goes out to his family.
hailed as hero who took down attacker at parliament hill
i was really hoping he used his ceremonial mace
nice shooting sir. god bless you and the people of canada.
how he was so quick to act just shows to the amazing training our officers receive !
give this man the order of canada !
do not mess with the seal clubbers !
should be given the order of canada. you are a true hero mr. kickers !
face to face with that strange hat the shooter probably froze fast
praise our security forces. they are brave men and women and a source of pride for canadians
one man with one gun !
reservist nathan cirillo was on duty in ottawa today when he was fatally shot .
rip how tragic.
may our lost soldier is family find comfort from us all to
god bless carillon a true canadian hero ! he will be remembered !
he is always smiling in all his photos
shooter still on loose after uniformed soldier shot at is war memorial , across road from parliament . mp is
i hope they are being taken out of their offices and thrown out on to the street.
seriously likelihood that it is an isis attack and this is your response ???
i definitely hear that and agree 👍
reporting soldier shot in very sad news.
ottawa police confirm 1 male shooting suspect died ; no one in custody -
police confirm 1 male shooting suspect died ; no one in custody - ”
sounds like things are changing in canada where is michael moore ?
footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building
holy shit footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building ”
footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building ” new link.
neither. do you not understand how sarcasm works or are you merely obtuse ?
news agrees its ? im interested
footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building ” disturbing
chilling footage globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building
seems does not it ? incredible professionalism to keep shooting & amp ; share horrific scene.
no he is already dead you obviously think this is a joke so i will end this now
thoughts to all involved. : footage fr globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill
are you on strong opiates or are you an idiot ?
that 1st gunman is dead his partner in crime is on a brown motorcycle and took shelter
footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building ” wow.
wow footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building ”
footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building ”
footage from globe reporter captures exchange of gun fire in parliament hill building ” here it is
who said anything about ?
police say they have located car belonging to suspect in shooting . uniformed soldier shot at war memorial , condition
stay away from the car.
time to lock down suspected radical element in canada and throw away the key
was the prime minister on the hill this morning ?
that car may not be safe.
why is this not breaking news on cbc right now on tv .... really ???
breaking news : cbc confirms photo of michael zehaf-bibeau , the gunman in the ottawa shooting -
no it is hall
spell words differently and we use different words to express ourselves. there is no north american speak
that looks like a lever action rifle he is holding. unusual for this kind of attack.
mentally i will no doubt however people & amp ; simplistic media will focus on islam.
well is part of north “ america “
is not that his north america name ?
he changed his name when he converted
the type of night to put his cat in the microwave
we are not
what a twisted !
rest in peace , cpl . nathan cirillo . killed today in
rest in cpl. nathan carillon. killed 2day in ” god bless
so sad. rest in peace, cpl. nathan carillon. killed today in ”
so sad rest in peace, cpl. nathan carillon. killed today in ”
hey frizz i was right downtown … crazy stuff
rest in cpl. nathan carillon. killed today in ”
rest in cpl. nathan carillon. killed today in
so rip cpl. carillon and god bless your family left behind.
rest in cpl. nathan carillon. killed today in ”
rest in peace ,,,l ...nanathanicarillon.kikilledodayn ”
how totally. senseless. and shame. im so sorry out to the family.
news : shots fired at parliament hill . follow developing story :
news shots fired at parliament hill. ” stay away from & amp ; stay safe
news shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
conservative caucas informed soldier shot at war memorial in ottawa this morning has died . a sad development on a
mp withdrew his tweet ... confusion around ...
did the and tell you this ?
such sad news thoughts and prayers to his family, friends, and military family.
news does not say that ????
many thoughts and prayers to his family
recap : parliament hill in lockdown after uniformed canadian soldier shot at war memorial . suspect on loose ; witnesses
. any word on soldier is condition ? they must have let an ambulance in.
are the terrorists being followed by isis ? that is what they say they are doing
the while downtown is on lock down !
how does this happen ? shooting a soldier who served our great nation. radical ?
very sad week for our are not safe in their own country.
unconfirmed but reliable source and rcmp not commenting police/suspect has been killed inside parliament
rip to the solider and father killed in ottawa today , praying for all those affected by this shooting
this is so heartbreaking .... prayers to him and his family
the canadian soldier killed in today is ottawa shooting is cpl . nathan cirillo , a family source told cnn
tweets not in cut they are morons
this is far from breaking news .... this has been known for hours
what is our world coming to, we are afraid to go anywhere as no place is safe.
because they can not read and write english
you have been late on this story all day.
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl . nathan cirillo
sigh. such a nice photo of him and his dog. awful. just awful.
he was guarding the memorial i think
yes they are stationed their.
i will never understand how shooting somebody, at a war memorial no less, furthers any cause.
condolences to his family. what a terrible tragedy !
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ” rip, soldier
always good solid people taken down. god bless him
ya its fucked up someone shoots a soldier at a war memorial at that
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
my thoughts and prayers go out to cpl. nathan carillon who was killed today.
police hold news conference on - follow our coverage here :
is a religion of love and harmony, because he calls for peace and peaceful coexistence for all
to be that everyone knows and understands the meaning of islam, humanity and high-end service to humanity
religion that respects all religions and we say yes to interfaith and intercultural dialogue
is the making of the greatest civilization in andalusia in granada and toledo, etc. 1
civilization in alhambra 2/5 - youtube 10 : 00► 10:00
video images of civilization in alandls► 6 : 18► 6:18
and landmarks such as and the fountain and the time remaining to the water so far2
depends who is reading the book
yes to peace and distribute roses to the whole world
we live in the era of spaces, regions and the world has become a small village
hi jams how is your uncle
we want justice freedom equality and education for all in accordance with the unified global strategy
but from acts that apply inside the book, which calls for love and peace
or the terror attack in jerusalem today !
images of civilization in alandls► 1 : 14► 1:14
our thoughts and prayers go out to nathan cirillo who died today in ottawa while protecting his country at age
i am really pissed off now
clarification | the shooting was near the rideau centre , police say . not inside it .
i am on the u campus in lock down !
naive are what is really scary.
there is crime in ?
i hope you are not still near there !!!!!
tell your radio reporters to correct their report because they are reporting the shooting was inside
ottawa police will not say if there are still suspects at large ; say it is still an active operation
will not say or do not know, so can not say ?
that is and the right move, no matter who it upsets.
multiple shooting incidents near parliament, thanks for the tweet
harper cancels malala citizenship event in wake of ottawa shootings
this is what they want !
so does she get the honorary citizenship or not ?
is there a theory or discussion that the and event are connected ?
cancel the citizenship rather than canceling the event
i hate harper but i suspect all events were canceled today.
must surely be impressed by our lack of bravery in the face of threats.
who is they ?
postponed would be the word you are looking for.
why are we giving her citizenship ?
there is always a downside to everything ... x. .
of course harper cancels malaya citizenship event in wake of ottawa shootings ”
i am not sure if this counts as “ ironic “, but it sure feels like it.
give her our citizenship asap. do not let the terrorists win.
what did she do for this to happen ?
i am sure he canceled due to what is happening, because ottawa is more important at the moment
canada is parliament in lockdown after shooting - follow our live coverage here :
this is just across the street from my office. i can see police everywhere !
why can not u say terrorism ??
this is just happening everywhere 😞so horrible
shooting distraction from massive story breaking in uk
is parliament in lock down after shooting -follow our live coverage here : ”
more shots reported within the parliament building, an “ agent “ down and shooter reported dead.
soldier shot dead in today is cpl . nathan cirillo . reservist was based in , ont .
the deepest condolences to the carillon family
soldier shot dead in today is cpl. nathan carillon. my deepest condolences to his family
i am so sorry for his family. god bless
breaking : a spokesperson for the ottawa hospital confirms that it has received three patients , two of which are
somebody tells us something. please
i really hope no news is good news
if any of those are the shooters, plus do not even think about saving their lives.
is saying that the soldier has died
the soldier killed in today is being named as 24-year-old nathan cirillo . latest here :
god blesses this young man a family
may his gentle soul rest in the bosom of our lord jesus christ. dude
so very sad. condolences to the family and friends.
may his gentle soul find peace in the lord
prayers for his loved ones.
the soldier killed in today is being named as 24-year-old nathan carillon. prayers with canada now
may he rest in peace and may his family be comforted at this horrible time
poor he looks so nice. love to his family they must be devastated.
yet another victim of the religion of peace, i would imagine.
how sad another life why ??
the soldier killed in today is being named as 24-year-old nathan carillon. ” r.i.p.
rip. condolences to the family and friends.
aye a tragedy. love to his family
thoughts with his family and friends
update : reuters reports a witness who says police chased a suspect into candian parliament in & amp ; then
shouts of i am not your buddy, guy ! “ were heard
official : all 3 patients injured in ottawa shootings have been released from hospital -
good to and god bless. could have been so much worse.
glad they are all right.
: ottawa police confirm there were at least three separate shootings
police confirm there were at least three separate shootings ”
is supposed to meet pm today in parliament
insanity is what is going on ...
this is a coordinated attack rt : : ottawa police confirm there were at least three separate shootings
shootings at war parliament & amp ; idea center
more than 1 shooter ??
police confirm there were at least three separate shootings ”
2 3rd one caught, possibly 5 shooters in total.
thoughts and prayers in
any slightest involvement in terrorism or aggression must be punished by stripping them from citizenship and sent home.
is going on at work. hope all is well w you.
police confirm there were at least three separate shootings ” absolutely terrifying
rt police confirm there were at least three separate shootings
for real. the world is going to shit. ❤️ you ! take care !
thoughts amp prayers : : ottawa police confirm there were at least three separate shootings ”
apparently one at the idea center shopping mall near the hill
police confirm there were at least three separate shootings ”
white house : obama awaiting chance to speak with harper about ottawa shooting
white house obama awaiting chance to speak with harper about ottawa shooting ”
that is neither nor harper
that conversation already took place about 20 mind. ago. get with the program cp24
harper has nothing to say to maggot.
white house obama awaiting chance to speak with harper about ottawa shooting ” sigh
updated : shots fired on parliament hill , soldier injured at national war memorial
updated shots fired -parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial
yes but the vast majority of these terrorist groups also happen to be islamic.
rt updated shots fired on parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial
updated shots fired on parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial ”
wait until they release the shooter is name and you will see.
gunman is on the loose apparently ...
these are terrorist groups and not islamic groups, 2 complete different things
cool. still does not defer from the fact that they are killing in the name of islam.
what the hell is wrong with people ?!
threat levels were increased yesterday due to internal chatter of isis and other islamic groups. no coincidence
please tell me the police took care of him/her with an empty magazine in return fire !
updated shots fired on parliament hill, soldier injured at national war memorial ”
gunman is confirmed dead arms kevin kickers shot him !!! way to go kevin.
not good at all let me know what happens !
i bet the religion of peace “ had something to do with this.
condolences to the family of the fallen officer in he was a hero who bravely stood in defence of our
. how is guarding a statue heroic ??? merely being dead does not make you a hero ........
ottawa hospital says it is treating three patients , two in stable condition , after shooting incident .
hosp says it is treating 3patients, 2in stable condition, after shooting incident
breaking update : canadian soldier injured at parliament hill shooting dies
sad day as soldier shot at war memorial reportedly succumbs to injuries.
radio tweeting same. must be true
yes parliament attached at 10 am eastern time
just read that soldier may still be alive.
watch as bullets fly inside hallways of parliament hill
this is not a have some respect.
that is not the way to tweet about this event. incredibly unimpressed.
watch bullets fly do not think appropriate title by mtv.
watch as bullets fly inside hallways of parliament hill ” unbelievably terrifying
really offensive tone here. try to have some compassion for the people subjected to the trauma.
watch as bullets fly inside hallways of parliament hill ”
breaking : there have been two shootings on parliament hill . one of the victims is believed to be a
it is awful. horrible world we live in.
and the planes over doing donuts ? wtf ???
hunting rifles yes. not type guns or high powered handguns. but people get them illegally.
sorry my friends gay 😅😂
are you allowed to own guns in canada ?
monitoring 1010. i
video : seconds after shooting nathan cirillo , suspect gets into car .
rt video seconds after shooting nathan carillon, suspect gets into car
video seconds after shooting nathan carillon, suspect gets into car. ”
then walked into the halls on unobstructed.
we are hearing a shooter is still on the loose here in dt ottawa with a rifle please pray for
mp at hill reports deceased shooter.
breaking : soldier shot near canada is parliament ; active shooter at large .
it is not allowed to attack christians anywhere in the world this shooting is islamic
breaking soldier shot near canada is parliament ; active shooter at large. ”
yeah yeah right maybe the jews did it🙈🙉🙊
shooters were trained by the institution to make it easy for doctors to steal inherited prodigal wealth
was it a camera shot like this one
this is unbelievable inside parliament.
reports of multiple shooters around canadian parliament. awful. ongoing.
breaking : soldier shot near canada is parliament ; active shooter at large. ”
rt breaking soldier shot near canada’s parliament ; active shooter at large.
soldier shot near is parliament ; active shooter at large.
multiple now only read report of one. what the hell ?
ottawa shooting - soldier shot at memorial has died : globe , ctv - harper to speak later today
rest now brother for you are with our kin in valhalla.
so sad. this world is crazy.
latest on shooting in ottawa w/ dramatic video from inside canadian parliament building by
this is the equivalent of having armed terrorists roaming through the white house or congress
update : reports of 1 more shooter being shot . this is in addition to one shot and killed earlier
i want nothing to do with that rt & amp ; you should learn proper conventions of twitter.
good news. get them all.
rt we are all infidels “
shots fired on parliament hill after a man walked up with a gun . i am locked in a security
what is happening in ?
holy please be safe !
witness tells cnn gunman shot one of two soldiers standing guard at war memorial in ottawa . live blog :
fuck you and you coward terrorist pricks
i read that as had their own gunman ...
went after the wrong religion
too bad can not see cnn on my tv. 👎📺📺📺📺
why would have gunmen ?
there is numerous cops with all type of weapons and scare to go in
what a surprise
agenda is on. they coming in for global takeover. democrat/ring allowing.
coordinated terrorist attack being investigated in canada
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl . nathan cirillo
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ” wt paddy
rip cpl. our prayers are with you and your family.
soldier killed at war memorial identified as cpl. nathan carillon ”
terrible terrible times we live in. when the sadness goes you feel angry
forever remembered soldier killed at war memorial cpl. nathan carillon ”
thoughts and prayers go out to his family and all of ottawa.
salute ... it should not happen rest in peace
from far amp ; wide, oh canada, we stand on guard for thee “
beyond sad. prayers up for his family and friends. senseless crime.
a sad day for our heroes of the military ! rip.
rip cpl . nathan cirillo today is tragic events put all in perspective
beautiful and clearly an affectionate dog lover.
i have been an of yours since you played on
terribly sad ... rip beautiful person
should record a cause i would like to hear him
such a handsome man. rip.
thank you from the people who live in canada ! yes, very sad !
ottawa police confirms 1 gunman dead , 1 soldier killed in
police confirms 1 gunman dead, 1 soldier killed in
these have achieved 1 thing today, more hate from towards mad terrorists !!
follow me i will follow you soon
live statement lives now ...
police say there were 2 sites - war memorial, parliament hill ... ” evil happens
was this work place violence like obama called the fort hood massacre ?
police confirms 1 gunman dead, 1 soldier killed in ”
god bless ex sgt. @ arms ! brave man !
trust we should ban all work tools in case they can be used for terrorism
it has not been confirmed that the soldier has died.
police say there were 2 sites - war memorial, parliament hill .... ”
no sympathy for the gun man
i hope the gunman died slowly the cunt
by a terrorist driving into a crowd of people
about the 3 month old baby murdered in israel ?
police say there were 2 shooting sites ” thoughts and prayers for the families. awful
gt gt ; & gt ; could commit terrorism with his nerf football.
it is kind of sad to see what the shooting taken place in canada innocent people of been killed
dear it is just “ idea center “ ... we use the same english
heart breaking news. may the brave and gentle soul of the soldier rest in perfect peace.
police say there were 2 sites - war memorial, parliament hill but not idea shopping center
that is what is next : armed with portable drills and jigsaws.
sounded more like a gun than a drill
breaking update : soldier shot at national war memorial in ottawa , canada , police tell news -
multiple shots fired in parliament hill
is there truth on the us embassy getting hit in baghdad ?
thats so sad people are dumb if they do that ! (shoot people is dumb)
update shot at national war memorial in ottawa, , police tell news -
rt : media account posts picture claiming to be michael zehaf-bibeau , dead suspect
do not use his name or post his pic he does not deserve it !
may his name and image be quickly forgotten. think of the hero is on this day
what a piece of shit. too bad he took someone with him.
well should we still go offer bottles of maple syrup and hugs to
piece of burn in hell
breaking : police source has told the globe that a second shooter has been shot .
thank you harper for getting us involved in this american isis folly.
my map shows tweets from shooting site …
breaking police source has told the globe that a second shooter has been shot. ”
confirmed | 1 shooter shot dead at parliament hill , but there is more than 1 suspect .
dear what are you doing ??? mt confirmed | 1 shooter shot dead at parliament hill.
breaking news : ottawa police confirm to abc news they are looking for 3 suspects , one has been wouldealt
star fall and cardlucci on the run, uhf tango would.
i hope they turn those jihads cowards into swish cheese.
footage : video captures moment shots fired in canadian parliament
you are right. even animals are ashamed of them. bloody bloodsucking devils
what goes around usually comes around, sad though ! i blame dumb twit !!
it was just that fat asked police woman at the rear farting.
footage video captures moment shots fired in canadian parliament ”
did a bomb go off !! violent shaking on the footage
footage video captures moment shots fired in canadian parliament “
these militants are worse than animals
footage video captures moment shots fired in canadian parliament.
you are ridiculing animals. animals are faithful creatures.
tragedy mounts as soldier shot this am dies of his wounds in an ottawa hospital . deep sympathy to his
check the. this could be all over again.
breaking : confirm one death on parliament hill . 3 separate shootings : war memorial , hill and " near
wonder if this is at all connected to canada sending planes for airstrikes in iraq/syria ?
. has near been clarified ? gm told no shooting there.
national say 1 shooter shot
please let the innocent ones be safe, and our wounded soldier. this is so sickening.
did you see this report ?
am watching news on tv and they are slow with news. ty for update !
developing story : shots fired on parliament hill , soldier shot at war memorial
one of those days where i wish there was a dislike button.
and let the fear mongering begin !!
developing story shots fired on parliament hill, soldier shot war memorial
what possesses people to do this sh …?
shots fired on parliament hill, soldier shot at war memorial ” good luck
and people have a problem with canada being involved with air strikes against isis. ridiculous !!!!
developing story shots fired on parliament hill, soldier shot ” holy crap
why are u not carrying live on cfo toronto !!????
rt shots fired on parliament hill, soldier shot at war memorial ”
how is this fear mongering if it is actually happening you nitwit ?
some guy walked into the white house a few weeks ago
more shots being fired near parliament in ottawa , suspect still at large : tv
more shots being fired near parliament in ottawa, suspect still at large : tv ”
rt more shots being fired near parliament in ottawa, suspect still at large : tv
suspect has now been killed. unconfirmed
big trouble in how is that & amp ; working out for you ?
more shots being fired near parliament in ottawa, suspect still at large : tv
if it were they “ would be down playing it.
the bastard is gone dead ! cold and ready to be burned and buried in unknown site
more shots being fired near parliament in ottawa, suspect still at large : tv ”
let be remembered like this . the part time soldier doing his job & amp ; bringing a little happiness
rip condolences to your family.
what a truly wonderful picture. it’s front-page-worthy
that is the way to remember a fallen.
rip god bless you and gods speed ... you will never be forgotten
could hear shots from their rooms , i am told .
seriously a soldier may have died ; who cares what the leafs heard. get some perspective.
who cares is that supposed to make the situation worse than it already is ?
because that is what everyone wanted to know.
could hear shots from their rooms, i am told. ”
could hear shots from their rooms, i am told. ” oh my god
how to make your self relevant.
could hear shots from their rooms, i am told. ” that is scary
could hear shots from their rooms, i am told. ” that is fucking scary
rt could hear shots from their rooms, i am told.
cpl . nathan cirillo , 24 , identified as the soldier who was shot , killed at the war memorial
god bless him and his family
so heartbreaking rip nnathan! 💔
prayers go out to his family.
will be praying for you and your family and all folks in ottawa ! stay safe my friend !
are you in my heart goes out to everyone there, especially this mans family !
yes. we are about 10 minutes from the parliament buildings. my heart breaks for the carillon family
my thoughts and prayers are with injured soldier . and such deep thanks to the security and rcmp on the
how is everyone doing right now in the house ?
this will surely result in a fully armed hill will it not ?
my thoughts exactly. thinking of each of you directly experiencing this right now.
heartbreaking that such senseless violence has reached “ our home and native land. “
very relieved to know that you are ok.
i hope you are safe in all this may- ham ?
breaking : confirms : one shooter dead . police working under assumption more than one shooter . 3 shooting incidents
still can not believe it.
hump day halfway rock it !
parliament hill in lockdown after soldier shot at is war memorial , just south of east block .
now that is too dangerous apparently. what a crock of shit it is
i may not agree with all your views, but you are bang on with this one
what you do not agree with all my views ? lol ... joking. thank you
y'all need to keep your head on a swivel. are u allowed to carry ?
we have our ways if you know what i mean
is a threat here yet ?
i am sorry. makes y'all sitting ducks.
a woman with her own mind ...... we r a dying breed. you are welcome 😉
look at my tweets. another canadian soldier attacked in canada.
this is the fucking second attack on our soldiers here in 3 days. i am livid.
military in plus take note. this is coming here.
update | shots were fired inside parliament hill and gun fire was exchanged with hill security .
i believe the soldier had died
i just heard that the soldier has died.
gunman shot dead in named by us officials as 32-year-old , canadian-born , michael zehaf-bibeau
.... and two decades old whataboutadry at that. the lamest tweet i received today.
congrats on you success keep going
i think we all know where his genes come from.
mt. gunman involved in named as 32-year-old muslim michael zehaf-bibeau
. is ' hump ' day.
may his 72 virgins have syphilis !!!
so the gunman who is killed after attacking canadian parliament was michael zehaf-bibeau ! sounds like a half-breed !
' experts speak out ' i dare you
fuck he does not deserve the infamy. let is instead celebrate cpl nathan carillon
gt what was the religion he would converter to again ????
whats your point he was a muslim. piss off.
not really. just careful examination is enough. atlist we will know if he is muslim or not
it say it.
johns mate ?
stand him up and shoot him again
wow she got it going on
other major unbiased news agencies are reporting not let that effect robs view tho.
really compares to killed in syria.
so the was c-h-r-i-s-t-i-a-n. killed almost 200. just one example.
chaos broke out in ottawa after a shooting at the war memorial and reports of gunfire in parliament
you are so why not wait and just print it tomorrow ????
in the situation sounds political and related to isis just by the nature of events
13 favorites really not sure you understand twitter people.
cops insist they did not do it ! blame it on american terrorists cops.
ottawa police now say there are 3 shootings in ottawa : parliament , war memorial and rideau centre mall
police say there r 3 shootings :, war memorial and idea center
more shots fired on parliament hill .
scene police operation police snipers at natlartgallery : more shots fired on parliament hill
breaking news : ottawa police confirm at least 3 separate shooting sites and multiple suspects -
breaking police confirm at least 3 separate shooting sites and multiple suspects -
oh that lone gunman is making the rounds.
breaking : " dozens " of shots fired in canada is parliament after gunman entered main door , ottawa journalist
wait times at hospitals can reach 18 hours or more
my map shows tweets from shooting site …
shooter inside the parliament has been killed but possible second shooter near the chateau laurie hotel.
word of police swarming hotel near parliament hill no word why
government of ignores the veterans ' needs to the point where they commit suicide
government agencies do nothing to help and are only in existence for their salaries and out of control pensions
federal politicians gave voted themselves a lifetime pension after 6 years in office
thanks ... thought it an oprah kinda moment ...! lol.!
do not they have strict gun laws there ?
breaking news is so played out now ! 😞😞😞😞
politicians in line their pockets while the citizens go to under funded food banks
breaking : ottawa police say they believe there is more than one shooter .
should issue travel advisories against this gun totting country
rt breaking police say they believe there is more than one shooter.
breaking police say they believe there is more than one shooter. ”
breaking police say they believe there is more than one shooter. ”
my map shows tweets from shooting site … …
breaking police say they believe there is more than one shooter. ()
rt breaking ottawa police say they believe there is more than one shooter. ”
breaking police say they believe there is more than one shooter. ”
that is why i thought that headline was interesting.
breaking police say they believe there is more than one shooter. ” what
breaking police say they believe there is more than one shooter. ”
no one hurt in shooting at ottawa is rideau centre -- scene of 1 of 3 attacks , canadian police
r. i. p to those killed except the shooter, burn in hell
thanks brother for your good judgment.
sad for we are used to this like americans are with guns etc
baby. baby.
there were reports on one being injured, i acquire.
do we now fear guns or perceive african ebola.
the scare is definitely overblown.
more : police believe three gunmen were involved in shootings in ottawa this morning and are looking for two shooters
rt police believe 3 gunmen were involved in shootings in ottawa and are looking for two shooters.
and when will you be announcing they are muslims ?
check for updates from police that are current.
that is not what they just said at the press conference !
developing news : soldier shot at war memorial . watch cbc nn for coverage . or follow online :
i agree horrible scene for family friends and colleagues to see !
seems to be the same link. does not work on mobile either.
gunman at parliament is center block has been shot and killed rt
you talked tonight about voyeurism given our soldiers last moments. reflect on your own images broadcast yesterday.
can not watch on mobile ?
center nearby has been evacuated
channel live ! coverage cbc news chief correspondent peter mans bridge
we get the gist already. give us a break and talk about something else.
30 shots reported on parliament hill.
stop showing the soldier being given cpr
hope harper is you have finally managed to bring this crap home
ottawa shootings reportedly at three locations - parliament , war memorial and shopping mall .
who is behind terrorist act ? plse help if you know. thanks
mt shootings reportedly at three locations. ” good god.
a little to close to home is not it.
... time for some intervention.
when the news video starts looping u know it over
i am washing my hair tonight mate.
shootings reportedly at three locations - parliament, war memorial and shopping mall.
we all look to !
. shame ignores what happens outside our own parliament
ottawa shooting : soldier dies of injuries , gunman shot dead
too bad. should have had to face our rage.
please do not show images of our soldier dying and receiving cpr, invasive and disrespectful
thoughts and prayers with our neighbors to the north
breaking : ctv ottawa confirms there were 3 separate shootings . one on parliament hill , one at national war
this should not happen in canada 🙈
video of parliament hill shooting via glob reporter
a shooting in and no one bats an eye. a shooting in and everyone loses their minds.
since when is 3 shootings ' a large scale ' ?
because a shooting in toronto is totally random.
it is not just 3 shootings ... are you paying attention to what is going on ? get informed
video of parliament hill shooting via glob reporter ” holy shit
sergeant-at-arms of canada is parliament called a hero for shooting gunman who entered building
idiot. very hard to do knowing you could take someone is life. all credit to him.
i found your tweet subtly imprudent and irritating, must you mention muslim which should uncalled for.
that is for sure he should be given a raise in his pension for this one.
has to be on alert. too many muslims in the country
what a hero salute ! sir
why do not you call that ' called ' to an ' is '
well done. good thing he had a gun & amp ; knew how to use it properly.
under stress and hit your target and not innocents ? damn tough.
here he is is hero.
guess who could it be. the religion of peace, secular will now shout
what is prudent terror tunnels and beheading ?
developing : police : shooting near canadian parliament ; soldier wounded ; active situation :
developing police shooting near canadian parliament ; soldier wounded ; active situation :
news : shots fired at parliament hill . follow developing story :
looks like values are heading north
trying to but got this - shameful behavior
stay safe police and soldiers protecting us all !
rt shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
probably another false flag “ on the canadian side !
yikes rt news : shots fired at parliament hill.
rt news shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story :
sending thoughts and prayers. : : shots fired at parliament hill. ”
breaking : shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
news shots fired at parliament hill. follow developing story : ”
news shots fired at parliament hill. ”
police in canada have confirmed to nbc that multiple gunmen were involved in what appears to be coordinated series of
call it what it is ... terrorism
have not been told this by our national media, specifically the cbc. ????
said just and be quiet he is teeing off.
when will n blame this on obama ?
ctv has received confirmation from ottawa police that there have been three different shooting incidents
has received confirmation from ottawa police that there have been three different shooting incidents ”
has received confirmation from ottawa police that there have been three different shooting incidents ” 😒
at the war memorial in . ottawa . a soldier has been shot . they are giving him treatment now
cowardly as most terrorist acts are
has the uniform become a bulls-eye ?
call everyone or we are all dead
hey do not worry about him worry about your kids wife
was not there an attack in quebec earlier this week ?
this is a form of terrorism-our soldiers should be the safest on our own soil
2nd in rt at the war memorial in ottawa. a soldier has been shot.
very frightening i hope the soldier is ok and they catch the lunatic who did this
are we at war “ yet ?
is this the same gunman being chased through parliament at this hour ?
please contact clad (514) 207-2173
in one died. careful, might have nothing to do with terrorism !
hopefully the soldier is okay. wondering how long before this is also labeled terrorism.
breaking | centre block and east block at parliament hill are locked down .
what is wrong with people scary
witness tells suspected shooter of uniformed soldier at is war memorial was carrying rifle .
give it one hour and my points will be confirmed.
could agree more we need to speak up when we see something
there is no obvious context. how insightful of you !
witness tells suspected shooter of uniformed soldier at is war memorial was carrying rifle. '
police in ottawa are searching for suspected gunmen who shot a solider and fired shots in parliament this morning .
definitely will shake complacency and make it a meaner place to live.
confirmed 1 gunman shot 2 more on the loose in ottawa near the idea center mall.
i am so saddened by the death of a young man serving us and our great nation . god bless
a cowardly act on one of our own. sad day for canada !
we are with you on that sir !
just devastating. god bless.
raptors hold a moment of silence to honour cpl . nathan cirillo and all those affected by today is events
the reason why i love respects
the right thing to do.
what about warrant officer vincent ?
may the souls of those lost rest in peace.
... while hosting a team from a country which just massacred hundreds
how have i never heard of this team
exact reason why i love the raptors so much
the city of hamilton offers condolences to the family of cpl . nathan cirillo , a native who bravely served
sorry for the loss of your comrade
heartbreaking photo shows nathan cirillo moments before shooting
unloaded please supply our forces with bullets for their guns. come on now.
thoughts and prayers for his family.
heartbreaking photo shows nathan carillon moments before shooting ”
. rest well cpl carillon your country and the world honors you.
but it really is unbelievable in this day & amp ; age ...
has this fine young soldier in the highest regard rip. thoughts n prayers with his family
a man just serving his country may he rest in peace
just horrible ... my hearts breaks for his family ...
rip to his family
who still a hero whenever it was taken.
so very sad. my heart goes out to his family & amp ; friends.
watch video showing gunfire inside canada is parliament in ottawa
now what watch video showing gunfire inside canada is parliament in ottawa ”
gunfire inside is parliament in ottawa ” tim martin ??
super scary watch video showing gunfire inside canada is parliament in ottawa ”
watch video showing gunfire inside canada is parliament in ottawa ”
definitely tank top. chuck key ...... use it.
watch video showing gunfire inside canada is parliament in ottawa ” wt 😳
2-3 means are controlling the whole police hahn
the religion of peace i am guessing.
why are the enforcement folks not wearing bullet proof helmets, while they wear bullet proof vests ?
watch video showing gunfire inside cancanada parliament in ottottawa
shooting randomly at defenseless ppm ... i am would bet on it.
hey ill give you one. ill take the other dozen.
watch video showing gunfire inside canada is parliament in ottawa !
i saw a tweet that was “ oscar histories at it again “ havana but ya terrible story
the important name right now is cpl . nathan cirillo .
the important name right now is cpl. nathan carillon. “
the important name right now is cpl. nathan carillon. ”
very tense situation in ottawa this morning . multiple gun shots fired outside of our caucus room . i am
stay safe mark live coverage here :
this is crazy. hope you all stay safe.
glad to hear you are safe - are thoughts are with u all
i hope you are safe - stay strong. thoughts are with you and everyone at parliament.
what is recent any breaking news ? is the gunman dead ?
thank you. r all caucus members safe ? my mp is silent.
glad you are must be nerve racking ... wow. . .
blessings amp to all affected
i know you were busy studying the pollution report that your colleagues are trying to ignore
welcome to the new world order of arab terror.
soldier shot , parliament locked down after gunfire erupts at war memorial . developing story :
props to your journalists for gaining amazing access to the scene in. great work.
soldier parliament locked down after gunfire erupts at war memorial. ”
soldier shot parliament locked down ; gunfire erupts
developing story ”. soldiers should not have this concern at home !!
update : this morning’s shooting incidents occurred at the national war memorial and on parliament hill . not rideau centre
rt this morning’s shooting incidents occurred at the national war memorial and on parliament hill. not idea center
did the soldier ... guard) have a loaded rifle ?
this seemed like a clear terrorist attack
shots at 3rd location yes or no ?
thought from will the people of ottawa shocking total shocking and well done to your emergency response teams
he was an honor guard so i am not sure if he did or not.
how did idea center get mixed in ? maybe it is on lock down only ?
any confirmation of the identity of these gunmen ? involvement of al-queda or isis ?
incidents occurred at national war memorial , near the rideau centre and parliament hill this morning .
but it is perfectly fine to shoot unarmed citizens.
stay safe men and women at parliament hill today
... can i help you ?
anxious to know the reason for their attack.
thats a really condensed area !
ottawa police issued a statement . three separate shooting incidents . once inside parliament . one at the war memorial
showed footage of shooting inside parliament : i found it quite disturbing 😞
canada is parliament hill is on lockdown as police hunt shooting suspect ; at least 1 injured - ,
praying for all affected by this shooting
so is strict gun control policies have failed
this is probably gun control has not failed at all.
that is such a uneducated comment
i am guessing will probably apologize to the terrorists on canada is behalf.
what you have only been there a week ! how did you manage this ! stay safe.
do not hear about a school shooting or spree every 5 mind do we ?
funny
latest update : attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial
perhaps reporters and witnesses should not reveal where maps and the pm have taken cover. too much info
latest update attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial
please spread the word to not display or tell police positions and police doings. thank you.
hopefully there were no other gunmen !
still working on clearing building. possible others.
bet he is a convert
at war for 13 years, shocked that ‘ a terrorist ’ attacked its soldiers
rt update attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at national war memorial
here is that dramatic video via of shots fired inside parliament building :
why does this idiot think it is ok to follow the police during an armed man hunt ?
here is that dramatic video via of shots fired inside parliament building :
update : one shooter possibly on the loose in amid reports of shootings in the city :
the pigs called me a shooter when i was taking drugs.
the best rated store of the season has been chosen !!! check them out here --- sgt ;
one shooter possibly on loose in amid reports of shootings. ”
shooter in the building has been shot ,,,
rt update one shooter possibly on the loose in amid reports of shootings in the city :
ottawa hospital has received 3 patients , 2 of whom are in stable condition . will not give update on
very sad is that the soldier died, hope they will find the culprits
reports are stating that the solider passed away
yeah saw that. stated it, not hospital.
just confirmed that the soldier has died in hospital. very sad news.
reports now soldier has died from injuries
indeed. which is why we are not reporting it.
may want to notify family before official announcement.
thoughts and wishes go out to ottawa this morning. * shocking *
grain of salt as always though as we have heard nothing from and
sky news is reporting soldier has died. . such a sad day for everyone.
now we are.
stating that the soldier has passed away
my thoughts and prayers to the people of ottawa so sorry u have to go through this
for real that is so sad. i was hoping he would make it
terror in & amp ; today . a soldier murdered in ottawa , a baby murdered in jerusalem . extremist
your words say it all !
with one big difference the killer of israeli baby is the haas and obama and europeans leaders support him
time for tears will come later, now is the time to stand up and hunt this scum down
i stand by side with no hesitations
thanks. together there is nothing we can not do
one up from mild terror.
. yeah. whatever that is supposed to be. lol
we in just got a small taste of the terrorist scum that israel has endured for decades,
this photo , reported to be of suspected ottawa shooter michael zehar bibeau , came from suspended isis twitter account
how about have some class and focus on the victim instead.
but i no new countries a dun us get fooled by da media love it at that
they are they did but the public also needs to know who this coward is and the coward group
i understand that but there is always too much focus on it.
so stop spreading it around then.
yes because if we just let go of it canada will be terrorized just as usa
deserves that shit aunt talk shit a get involved in other countries business pussies lieu
exactly is not the persons fault is the countries fault
what a hero gave his life serving this great nation. rip.
stop giving him a platform. it does not matter what he looks like.
that soldier had nothing to do with decision he is just doing what he is gotta do
class does not count when a murderer kills one of yours
i expect sometime in the future, computers would be able to reconstruct the photographer is silhouette ...
that is interesting it was.
this afternoon we have lowered our flags to half mast in honour of the canadian reservist who lost his life
very sad my heart broken.
how about giving them bullets before they are shot instead of honors after
a bit of joy in a gloomy day here at celebrating remarkable legacy of cody.
breaking : civic hosp official says two new patients are enroute to hospital . 1 w/gunshot wounds . both stable
that makes four in total ?
breaking civic hosp official : two new patients are en route to hospital1 w/gunshot wounds both stable
more : canadian soldier shot at war memorial has died ; one of three suspected gunmen also dead , police
my issue is with the one sided reporting not with the death of a baby.
lets not forget who the occupying power enforcing martial law here. palestinian kids are killed weekly.
there is gonna be a meeting today about it, cool them jets box
. why can not it is an official story ?
minutes ago there was no mention of another gunman in bordeleau is talk.
maybe this story also deserves some focus heirs the video you decide terror attack in israel 2day
update : attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at war memorial
apparently more than one shooter.
the are showing us how to nip it in the bud.
super scary glad you are now where near parliament janice !
it is not written solvers are there to help us and protect our country !
chair a prey negociar “ : attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at war memorial
update attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at war memorial “
its very serious matter of security breach as attack is on temple of democracy part should be strongly cordoned
update attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at war memorial. thank god !
update attacker shot dead in parliament after soldier shot at war memorial
and this is cpl . nathan cirillo , the brave soldier killed in the today .
cpl. the brave soldier killed in the today. ”, soldier.
tragic. may he rest in peace.
. god bless his soul .... shalom ...
my heart breaks for his mother ...
poor guy he was only 24, rip
we will always remember him ... god bless him.
and this is cpl. nathan carillon, the brave soldier killed in the today. 💕
blessed be his memory 🔯🌈
may he rest in peace. another hero gone too soon.
we live in a very cruel and dysfunctional world !
god blesses this man and his family.
god bless him and his family. a true hero may he rest in peace.
: nhl : the game between the toronto maple leafs and ottawa senators , scheduled for tonight in ottawa ,
game betwtoronto maple leafs & amp ; senators for tonight in, has been postponed
and that is the final straw !!! nobody messes without game !!!
has a lot to answer for letting gunmen get in to the law offices of govt.
i guess security is a major issue hate to have terrorists control us !
wow the leaf is dodged a bull/ now a puck there !!
as an american veteran , my prayers are w/ the canadian soldier who died in today is shooting standing duty
is this a terrorist or a crazy person deal ? havent seen any news yet.
would be interested in your views on countering recruitment on & amp ; youth alienation
amen may god protect all military personnel in canada and america !
condolences to the family amp ; hope that they get the support they deserve to find closure ...
prayers for our fallen brother in arms, and his family.
so horrible. terror has spread all over the globe.
" just evacuated from roof of parliament hill centre block " -
. be safe. positive affirmations coming to those affected.
our thoughts are with ottawa this morning . stay safe .
at least have the right color of the c on your profile !
my apologies. carry on. . . .
it is not pink. . . . is that the color of the campaign ?
more : a spokesman says prime minister stephen harper was safe and had left parliament hill :
rt more a spokesman says prime minister stephen harper was safe and had left parliament hill :
that is i do not really care that pm harper has been moved from pm hill rt
on monday , paul george was back shooting hoops in the gym . yesterday , practice became a 1-on-1 game
. hey you guys should start reporting news for once.
why since he is a scrub
this guy gets publicity for anything low
he better tighten up before that dog breaks his other leg
he better sit his ass down and rest up properly ...
he looks hope his jumping game will be same or better.
the rcmp intervention team members parliament hill
i thought it was lone wolf the in jun from ski lieu
lone wolf attacks in canada bro
i am so proud of our intelligence. what a city is !!!
has this become my ? “ : the rcmp intervention team members ' parliament hill ”
why are cops than our soldiers ? because canadians are the real enemy of this government.
calming the intruder down low rt intervention team members ' parliament hill
all of joins the in thinking of those affected by today is tragedy in ottawa .
really so this means that there will be a moment of silence ?
shooting at our parliament buildings in ottawa. soldier was killed.
all of joins the in thinking of those affected by today is tragedy in ottawa. ”
all of joins the in thinking of those affected by today is tragedy in ottawa. ”
shame you honor them by doing nothing during the largest staged baseball event. shame on.
my apologies to thank you very much for your support !
shootings in 3 victims but one died who was a soldier. was guarding our war memorial
you will not recognize it tonight though, eh ?
joffrey lupul praises officers in ottawa , as team remains in lock down
does that look like to you ?
take down. have people not been told not to post pictures of police, military positioning ?
why not he is just as entitled to voice himself, as are you.
. at a time like this do we really need to know what a hockey player thinks ?
makes me sad what is going on in ottawa right now . thoughts and prays to everyone involved . everybody
same to you and your friends and family.
happy to hear you are safe erik !
it is crazy this is something you would not expect here in ottawa
hope you guys are safe !
you and the team stay safe.
you are a good man sir ...
very sad what is going on. my thoughts are with everybody in ottawa.
you too sir. we are all united at this point.!
australian pm tony abbott says security has been increased in canberra following
world take notice and deal with the problem now !
pm tony abbott says security has been increased in canberra following ”
take note look after your people
pm tony abbott says security has been increased in canberra following
rt : being told at cbc ottawa that " situation is evolving , " told to " remain in current
who should remain in current location ? that is rather cryptic !
rcmp advises if you are in downtown ottawa to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing police
i would say that also includes downtown gateau
raw footage and live coverage of shooting at parliament :
praying for a safe end of this horrifying incident
raw footage amp ; live coverage of shooting at
props and admiration to.
a big sorry to the leaders and citizens of canada, for having to go through this incidence.
it is a sad day for
i do not recognize this as canada : just one of the many successes of our fascist leader
raw footage and live coverage of shooting at parliament : ”
my heart goes out to and all those who have had violence and sickness force it is way into their
it is pretty fucking tragic ... breaks my heart.
you are i love you
have you ever been to ottawa ? did you enjoy it ?
still on lock down. so sad for our country
been thinking of you 😔 xoxo
you are such a sweetheart. we are in shock
i love you noel ♥
and investigating several shooting incidents in downtown .
stay safe everyone our thoughts are with you
and investigating several shooting incidents in downtown. ”
please follow amp for authoritative information re : several shooting incidents in downtown ^wb
rt and investigating several shooting incidents in downtown. ”
prayers out to everyone involved.
follow here for info. rcmp opp com
welcome to the club looks like ! hope now u understand !
reading there is 2-3 shooters just at parliament
still in lockdown . am safe . check for video of the attack on parliament hill . ignore any cursing
video is marked private for some reason.
if anything deserves to it is being near a shooting.
that video is bloody stay safe josh
your footage was incredible. it is a sad day for our country.
stay safe. curse as much as you would like.
stay josh. sending love.
curse on. footage is imp.
cursing fully justified. stay safe !
listening to you on stay safe
any idea why this incident happened ?
man. cursing is here
unreal video we are watching it in a j-school class right now.
think you are safe from the language police on this one !
we will let the cursing go this time.
glad you are safe josh. scary, horrible day.
be safe great job so far.
ottawa mayor jim watson says " it is a sad and tragic day for our city and our country .
but quickly we forget. toronto had 3 shootings in one day and ?
prayers to ottawa .
prayers to ”
the barricade of chairs mps built to protect themselves from
happens when you are the world garbage can.
please sign amp rt follow
time to nuke mecca and madinathese losers muslims must be x-terimanated
if only someone had shot back ...
. request or aids of today is events in be submitted here :
scary shit ..... i hope they pick up on security.
ridiculous that this has to happen.
bet you they’d rather be armed with more than a chair at that point
do not bring a chair to a gunfight.
the scene from ottawa
the scene from ottawa ”
the scene from ottawa ”
just in : canadian military bases being closed after soldier shot at nat'l war memorial , ongoing situation near parliament
when is this ever going to end !! it is really sickening !!
so they shut down police and military after a shooting ...? go canada
obama on the ottawa shooting : ' we are all shaken by it '
we know that brother ... use your last days to rock the shit outta this world man ...
gosh i wish i can shake the hell out of him
did it interrupt a golf game ?
shaken. you just look constipated ...
i bet he does not even know where is
finally out of the building
thoughts and prayers for everyone dealing with this horrible event.
so glad you are safe.
glad to hear and that you are safe.
our go out to oottawa.
is everybody being let out ?
glad to hear you are okay, tony. stay safe.
hang in there. must have been a very worrying day for your family.
glad you and so many others are safe.
glad you are safe hope everyone else with you is fine and feeling ok. truly terrifying ...
frightening events here in ottawa . game has yet to be postponed but betting it will be . schools and
please stay my best to ralph
i am. hiding under my bed !
i have emailed no response yet.
stay in your hotel room !!!!
in april 2013 you stood with us & amp ; called us today we stand with you - you are
thanks for the support means a lot coming from a hero in another city ! go patriots !
tears .... thank you.
when you have planned a school shooting but realise you are too fat to run away from the police
when you are listening to 101. 5 and they do not play any blink 182
what are you trying to say😂😂😭
chill out i am not fat 😑
bro it looks like alex 😂😂😂
i saw it and thought it was funny😂😭😅
canada will remain the true north , strong and free , after today . these events can not , and
maybe it is just wishful thinking on my part but i hope not.
i wish we could but everything becomes political in no time.
my thoughts with everyone in ottawa at this time.
what will the gun grabbers say now
this will unify all right minded canadians.
sad about . worse , shooter might b guy who calls himself muslim . pls world dont judge 1 .
where are protesting in the streets ? 120 muslims penned a letter. that is jv
please elaborate. what other religions kill today in name of their religion ?
due to friends on seeing all my coverage of civil war.
i do not blame people who do ! second army soldier dead and a half-dead one in three days
amen. u preaching to the choir
exactly why they should be openly and publicly denounced. they claim to be islamic and soil islam.
. they will if it is an about a cartoon that offends them
how about you : “ do you stand up against rapists ? ”
just stop we know who the enemy is !
the problem is that the world does not see anything from muslims except extremists
i do not see 1. 5 billion muslims denouncing the extremist crimes against humanity
currently it appears that not all muslims are terrorists but it does seem that all terrorists are muslim .....
they have a religious state. they massacred palestinian population in gaza. buddhists in burma.
you are i am just judging the millions of mental muslims.
if every radical was shunned and condemned by the community less would fantasize about joining
you do not need to tell canadians that.
not accused for the crimes of their faithful people
i agree with u fistful !!
and if i remember correctly it was libya that supplied the ira with weapons and explosives .....
is a not a religion, that defends itself against attacks.
those with literal interpretation of islam claim divine support for their atrocities !
i blame the 1. muslims for allowing their religion to be hijacked by extremists
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa at this time .
this is scary. thoughts go out to everyone.
game tonight. it is a long drive you know ?????
multiple shootings in downtown
hope you guys are staying safe as well !
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa at this time. ” stay safe
rt our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa at this time.
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa at this time. ” ❤️
as a senators fan we appreciate your support.
i covered polytechnique , concordia and dawson shootings . remember , at least half of what you hear about ottawa
thank you for that post. looking forward to the facts coming
it is parliament hill. half would be a vast improvement.
thanks for your clear amp ; sober second thought as always
excellent reminder. particularly important in social media era.
except the dread. the dread is real.
yes because some issues are beyond discussion as this article proves
i lived on and was heading to school at mill when dawson happened. scary stuff.
true but being first to report is more important than being accurate. just ask cnn.
wow can you folks keep in mind that lives are lost ? is not that what matters most ?
i can not tell if you are saying half of what you have covered is untrue or not.
absolutely speculation spins out of control when no formal statements are made during chaos of evolving events.
chief of defence staff mt : surreal photos out of ottawa : vip escorted on sparks st
those guys look real intense.
stupid of but the jeans !
mt chief of defense staff escorted out in canada “ ”
is that a armored vehicle ?, the model delivered to the peshmerga.
... maybe those undercover jeans would work in iserpico ' seventies.
unreal photos ' rt chief of defense staff : surreal photos out of ottawa
... instead of blending in those jeans say “ cop ! “
never in my life would have thought i would see this in ottawa
our thoughts are with everyone in the city of ottawa today .
shootings around and in our parliament buildings. scary situation downtown right now.
you guys continue to be the class act of all nhl teams on twitter. keep it up.
thank you reasons why iii lovethe uusa🇺🇸🍁
oh my goodness. praying for you.
in lockdown | many buildings in downtown ottawa in lockdown as shooting investigations continue :
school board is locked down city wide -- canada schools locked down
police , bystanders and soldiers rushed in to help after the memorial shooting in ottawa
this photo is so upsetting.
agreed. upsetting but a very honest image of humanity.
bystanders and soldiers rushed to help after the shooting in ottawa ”
better that people rush in to help rather than running away.
this breaks my heart. so close to home as my husband is a cf member.
the world has gone mad !
terrorists on parliament hill and it is not over.
wapo reports that black eyewitnesses who confirmed the ferguson cop is story are afraid for their safety : sickening .
brown family set they will not believe autopsy nor any eyewitness that opposes them
just like two white guys who said his hands was up in a live video hmm mm
the truth does not fit the lefts ' agenda !
justice as it was intended. black panther style.
ottawa canada identifies the gunman who is probably muslim but that will not be mentioned .
but we are bigoted if we screen muslims at airports.
they all look like that way, plus his inability to do his job as lotus
he did interview high or extremely high looking.
one interview recently indicated he was on drugs or very jet lagged.
and the occupant of the be muslim.
told blacks that it was all whites fault instead of saying truth-a group of democrats oppressed.
our tax dollars are going to muslim foot washing stations in bathrooms & amp ; praying rooms.
thank you very much for your insight. much appreciated, i assure you.
correct and that is why his brain has been malfunctioning for going on 6 years
think there is any connection ?
pushed the collective salvation “ bull. marxist muslims at milk speeches too. infiltrated
shoot ask questions later !
as per rev wright obama never denounced his muslim faith. he embraced black liberation marxist theology
just received email message from chief charles bordeleau
thank you for protecting all canadians
much thank you all !
this is my “ : just received email message from chief chcharlesordeleau ”
rt just received email message from chief charles bordeleau
please do not tweet photos or locations of police in at the parliament buildings !
rt we are all infidels “
. is first-hand account of the scene in ottawa that will ' change this country forever '
but when there is a war, there is no life without fear. life should go on.
if attacks by radicalized “ individuals, ottawa shooting heightens nato member risk. story in pics :
guess this is a lesson not to be too lenient with evil terrorist is
no one will call it what it is. islamic terrorism
why should that change anything. roy is right what happened the other day ?
you obviously never saw the war ...
keep feeding the crocodile it might eat you last “ evil reigns when good men do nothing “
stay safe ottawa ... world is getting worse by the minute ... like seriously society needs to figure it out
you can not talk to people who will never listen !
i was just thinking the same 2 events in 1 week for canada
parliament hill attack : ottawa residents captures images of chaos amidst lockdown
parliament hill attack : ottawa residents captures images of chaos midst lock down ”
parliament hill attack : ottawa residents captures images of chaos midst lock down ”
rt : [ episode ] ' war of hormone ' mv & amp ; concept photo shooting ( with eng
v why you hug the girl ? i broke heart you know ---
thank you you are the best !
image from shows police running to search buildings in downtown ottawa .
image from shows police running to search buildings in downtown ottawa. ”
search for gunmen ... rt : from police running to search buildings in downtown ottawa.
no drama much they will put them down
sad day in but public helps as best they can !
image from shows police running to search buildings in downtown ottawa.
rt image from shows police running to search buildings in downtown ottawa. ”
police with guns drawn at seen of war memorial shooting .
unmarked pulling up ... arrived on target to take the shooter out
how very scary and sad ... my prayers go out to everyone affected.
posting pictures of their location probably is not the best idea
what has become of our gentle canada ? so sad.
please tell me the police took care of him/her with an empty magazine in return fire !!!
moment of silence for ottawa .
nice gesture by our neighbors !!
game at tonight. and niagara.
north had a pretty good record of non-violence until those muslims screwed it up.
rt moment of silence for ottawa. ”
the least we could do. thinking of you all.
thanks buffalo very thoughtful.
appreciates the of your tweet.
thanks for the !
do not worry one look at you and a muslim would cut their own head off.
class act. being from i thank you.
nice gesture but are not you guy playing later tonight in anaheim ?
our thoughts & amp ; prayers go out to everyone affected by the events in our nation is capital .
rt our thoughts amp ; prayers
what we know so far about the canadian parliament shooting in ottawa
rt what we know so far about the canadian parliament shooting in ottawa ”
what we know about the canadian parliament shooting in ottawa is going on ?!
what we know so far about the canadian parliament shooting in ottawa ”
rt what we know so far about the canadian parliament shooting in ottawa
when you are shooting a weapon at people, screw interrogation.
what we know so far about the canadian parliament shooting in ottawa “ your home
what we know so far about the canadian parliament shooting in ottawa ” 😰😰 !!
why do they kill them they should keep them alive for interrogation
latest photos from ottawa is parliament hill
latest photos from ottawa is parliament hill ”
events like today is in ottawa are rare , but have an impact on all of us . here are
excellent advice today via email for parents. thank you
our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in ottawa this morning .
thanks for the info i just saw it on .... hope everyone is ok
classy organization lots of love from ft. lauderdale !
shooting in at the war memorial and parliament buildings.
i hope so too. senseless that is for sure.
thank buildings are on lock down
thank you classy thing to say.
harden , howard again named best at position in 2014-15 nba gm survey . story :
is number 12 single. i do not know who is who. lol
again named best at position in 2014-15 nba gm survey. ” 🚮
still will not win anything.
let me the next shaw and kobe. lol. yeah right !!! both garbage
not really
wade way better then harden
best at losing too these dudes are a joke
harden is always below 50% & amp ; dwight has no heart
is a very weak position in the league.
do not make the people around them better. it is all about them.
ottawa , be safe , be smart .. the hill is under attack 🙏
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
aha it is all good, cap city is fine ✌️
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ” baby ❤️
thanks for being my 30th follower sarah
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
be be smart. the hill is under attack 🙏 ”
we are monitoring the situation in ottawa and have been in touch with both clubs . ( 1/2 )
the parliament is in ottawa
they should play the game fuck terrorism
i see now. not good.
i have a sneaking suspicion that that is what they are talking about, champ.
wow. wants to ban this supplement. provides insane results ! check it out !
even the possibility of running the game is idiotic, and unmoral. c among guys.
because you are being an insensitive asshole !
could not have said it betters bro !!!
do not put these sales tweets up during this type of situation u
pretty sure it is not learns to call
pretty sure everyone would understand if the game was postponed. revenue is not everything !
best to stay safe. get the boys back home.
pretty sure it is call ....
the just sent an email to community leaders to call them if they feel unsafe or they are at risk
directing the impending news coverage of by reaching out ! . creating fear from ' white people ' ?
we are that is what we do.
wow. i just hope someone sees the wood from the trees and comes down on them like hell
in leaders blew themselves up.
might you fwd that my way ?
they did not. some whack with a gun did.
too soon to but highly unlikely. may have been a wannabe.
i wish they would send a message to me every time a muslim kills someone
and we care enough about all of our citizens to make sure they remain safe.
i suspect it is bad that i am laughing.
stop blowing yourselves up and we will stop making fun of it.
unbelievable. they cut down your armed forces and you check to see if they are feeling ok ??!!
sending love to the people of ottawa . be safe everyone . xoxoxo
i am sure she will be ok. in my thoughts !
sending love to the people of ottawa. be safe everyone. xoxoxo ” always !!!
hoping this all blows over soon ... pretty sad what happened tho 😥
seriously what is happening with 🍁 !!!!!!!
that is awful thank you !
may the good lord protect them ....
prayers for those in ottawa , hope all is resolved soon ...
prayers for those in ottawa, hope all is resolved soon ... ”
thanks brush it is surreal here
appreciate that fame stay up !
they had to cancel game between maple leafs and senators due to shooting
prayers for those in ottawa, hope all is resolved soon ... ”
this is unbelievable rt : prayers for those in ottawa, hope all is resolved soon ...
oh wow that is extremely unfortunate. i hope no one was seriously hurt.
this what i love about the new u.
3 separate shootings in
yes i want to see u play on friday against the
i am appalled by today is attack in ottawa . i offer my full support to and the canadian people
nope ppm who go round raping, beheading n selling woman into sex trade really are tba
my thoughts are nothing to do with these scumbags going round killing innocent ppppmllover the world ...
the queen is a descendant of aethalstan - the king who unified the country which is now england
but are any race as being so smart you would know this.
coincidence. i just had tweeted mosques are crazy places, they preach murdering of non muslims
ya dick speaks volumes you gutter snipe ! back to the terraces ' troglodyte !
another gets fan re tweeting to cause trouble, it is the way your raised !
well how do you explain why they are murdering ppm allover africa n asia then ?
it happens without bombing. who will save yazidis children and women from slavery ?
wow. die in a it is the only value you have.
why mention rangers ya dick we all know the real shame of scotland
change to and white to muslim and you will get it
nice spelling i am assuming english is not your first language ?
do you enjoy sir ?
how about the attacks in parliament square ?
ah the classic response of a keyboard warrior
your right shoot this towhead bastard killing innocent garbage if a religion
who gives a shit what the german thinks !
you can fuck right off david you fucking scumbag.
think of it this the kkk are white but not all white people are the kkk ?
is also from the house of hanover !
shut down mosques they are breeding grounds for this ppm. you know it swells
typical sectarian rangers comment from scotland shame !!
it is hypocritical is not it. damn criminal thieving uk govt and banisters
good luck with it will be a farage-cameron coalition from next may.
will have to see how it plays out, but think both will hang themselves before the election
hello members of public see nothing rifle shaped and call police ? muppet
where have i said anything about anyone race ?
you will not be for much longer it seems
my views have nothing to do with football, i dislike all terrorists. murdering innocent ppm
rich assailed assailed white poor getting it in the neck
it is our job to do this ?
what are you hovering about steve dawson
we do not want him as a matter of fact we do not want n dis
you are a real charmer. * followed *
has her majesty made any comments ?
and now we are told there is a muslim connection. what a surprise. not.
a house divided against it is self will always fall.
ooh you must be gutted floppy tory boy not talking
full you heading over now ? make tea for them ?
the guards there are unarmed. you are real fucking smart, are not you ?
oh more conspiracy theorists.
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa today . stay safe .
you are blocked by a sports team ?
this happened. actually.
rt our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa today. stay safe.
how does one get blocked by a professional sports team is twitter account ? mental midget running acct ?
i am just a simple st who covers the sabers in my spare time.
i can not believe a team would block anyone.
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa today. stay safe. ”
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa today. stay safe. ”
‘ we refuse to be silenced ' : ontario premier kathleen wynne defiant in face of ottawa shooting
yes then they win. thank you.
first time i have agreed with anything lynne has to say !
do not normally agree with lynne but this time i do.
for i fully agree with premier lynne is pronouncements. bravo to her and all parties !
huh piss off with us crap please.
as usual can not even get the rt border correct does he actually read or just take cue from
what does this have to do with her. is anyone concerned about queens park ?
thanks for sharing. see your update on my :
hey these are situations you can not come up w/ more intelligence comment than
incredible photo : woman gives mouth to mouth to wounded solider at
we will win over the forces of evil -
incredible photo woman gives mouth to wounded solider
photo. rip. deepest sympathies to our good canadian neighbors.
today has been really sad but really proud of all the security today who saved lives, ty
hope the lad makes it and thanks to the good samaritan ...
there are so few words to describe what i am seeing with this photo. rest in peace ...
just amazing that this happened in our country
one picture brilliant amp ; sad
beautiful and terrifying. mt “ : incredible photo : woman gives mouth to wounded solider
if this photo does not hit you right in the heart, you are ice, true hero ...
woman gives mouth to wounded solider at ”
after today we will officially be done shooting for the !! it is looking amazing so far btw !
i am so looking forward to seeing, hearing this !
how exciting i can not wait to see it ! 💙😉
i can not wait to see it go get it tiger
long time in not tweet u, i can not wait surrender me.
please follow me in not a huge fan but u so cute ... ply follow.
sorry ... what was you telling me i deleted messages accident
u have an amazing voice i really enjoy ur music
please vote for beer thank u
are currently in lockdown mode in a hotel in downtown .
string of shootings at parliament and downtown area.
what is going on in ottawa ?
stay safe ottawa .
its so scary. i am freaking out.
my wife is in on business and she is a little shaken by the shooting
our thoughts and prayers are with the city of ottawa and all those affected by today is events .
as our thoughts and prayers go out to our own ' canasotans '
i sure hope we hear “ oh canada “ tomorrow night !!
god blesses all who suffered this horrific tragedy.
incredible shot : a woman gives mouth-to-mouth to a fallen soldier at the war memorial
why were soldiers there in the first place ???? fishy
oh did not know that
yes link attached. it is wayne eddington/post media.
rt woman gives to a fallen soldier at the war memorial
there are soldiers at the tomb of the unknown soldier in dc, same thing.
a woman gives mouth-to-mouth to a fallen soldier at the war memorial 4 him
all our thoughts are with him
he was part of the permanent guard for the national war monument.
the fact that this was an active shooting zone makes these people heroes no matter the outcome.
he is now said to be dead.
wow ... mt a woman gives mouth-to-mouth to a fallen soldier at the war memorial
has that photo been verified ?
my map shows tweets from shooting site …
how do we get these bystanders honored !?!
why were there soldiers there ? something does not smell right
soldiers are always on guard on parliament hill.
there are always ceremonial guards at the war memorial.
oh my rt incredible : woman gives mouth-to-mouth to fallen soldier at war memorial
so sad but are great and we will support each other. my thoughts are with all
god blesses this woman and the soldier.
its useful for news services.
hearts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the shootings in ottawa today .
it is been a scary and very sad day for sure !
so sad one of the guards was from hamilton armory ! too close to home ! prayers to all
hearts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the shootings in ottawa today. ”
sending thoughts and prayers to everybody in ottawa .
god bless our neighbors to the north, we are with you all the way
sending thoughts and prayers to everybody in ottawa. ”
sending thoughts and prayers to everybody in ottawa. ” ❤🍁
please do not post videos or photos of the on-going incident to ensure safety of first responders and the public
there are enough independent reports. social media and all.
focus on the innocent victims today. canada did not do this !
that is we have a right to know
done talking about this. just want everyone to be safe.
i would hope no would endorse such a thing.
and we are supposed to believe them when this happens ? pft. not this guy.
you seem to be an angry person. probably same for these shooters.
i think they are helping ? its misguided and scary.
no sane anyway.
agreed. would have preferred it not real.
i think anyone with a live feed can tweet the location but they are all moronic !
trying to squelch the real news coming from untainted sources in
always the time. always be vigilant, and never trust the police.
i just remember history before 2006, is all.
well soldier is dead and two in stable condition so likely real bullets.
.
someone needs to tell stopping posting photos
everyone in ottawa , please stay safe .
in right now so scary
praying for so close too my home
wow this is scary to hear. be safe everyone.
still making sure my cousin and her husband are ok ... they work on parliament hill
lemme just being in a building on lock down is a new and interesting experience.
i hope they are okay & lt
trying my best had to tell my brother to not go downtown about 20 minutes ago.
my prayers for so sad
we were on lock down at school and still are not allowed to leave the property
thank got good friends downtown. hoping they are safe.
anyone in downtown reminded to stay inside , away from roofs , windows and doors . please stay safe out
our thoughts are with the people in ottawa
we are thinking of you all in canada. keep safe from your friends in the united kingdom.
" soldiers at the cenotaph " : editorial cartoon by brian gable
the editorial cartoon simply depicts that despite previous battles, the war against evil is not over.
awesome image. well done.
a powerful cartoon “ soldiers at the cenotaph “ : editorial cartoon by brian gable ”
powerful cartoon. too bad it had to be drawn.
in the process of canceling my subscription .......
since it is still a free country, will not argue w/your opinion & amp ; will keep mine
maybe too soon for this type of commentary
i do not think this was meant as an insensitive joke, but as a powerful statement ...
you are fucking right ?
this is a joke right ? wildly distasteful and inappropriate !
all bus service in downtown ottawa is currently under major detours . details :
all buses using why can i see buses on albert on gas ???
rt all bus service in downtown ottawa is currently under major detours. details :
rt all bus service in downtown ottawa is currently under major detours. details :
kudos to , both national anthems to be played tonight before flyers-pens game as gesture to ottawa tragedy
this should be done anyway ! but still a classy move.
every city should play both before every game.
ottawa police : police stations closed due to ongoing shooting situation : " no public services available until further notice
every maggot out there just grinned from ear2ear. not smart at all.
stations closed due to ongoing shooting situation
what no help
this can not be true. the police is closed to b/c there is crime in the area
you may want to stop and take a deep breath before tweeting insults at parliamentarians and reporters in today ,
disagreement is not unpatriotic n a time like this … it is just tasteless/vulgar/petty … inhuman.
i presume you don’t need to be told. other random mean people seem to need reminding.
politics should not exist on a day like today.
but reporters and civilians should refrain from tweeting out police locations.
who is yelling at reporters ? cause i would like to smack them
solidarity. we are all canadians.
except for the reporters tweeting police locations. idiots.
but remember sh is not a parliamentarian.
kind words from u.s. re cdn coverage of horrifying . kudos to our colleagues on a tough day :
i love this. thank you.
radio likewise did a more than admirable job. thank you all for your professionalism.
this is what i come to the cbc for, and they delivered today.
did you see this one too, re : coverage of ?
absolutely agree was calm amp ; professional as were all reporters
atlantic programs cancelled , other cadets advised to not wear uniform but show up in business casual .
odd that they would cancel - i imagine many cadets are feeling in need of support right now.
smart to tell him not to wear their uniforms.
ok so we were on a tour at that war monument in ottawa a few minutes ago , a few
can we have permission to use your photo at the memorial before the shooting ?
so why the crime scene tape ? can anyone clarify ?
both regiments are more than two centuries old, and have many battle honors and vs.
did you take this of the soldiers at the memorial ?
you were right sadly, he is now confirmed dead.
i am sure various reserve regiments and other elements of the cf take turns guarding it.
black watch is somewhat better known, but both regiments have proud histories and strong esprit de corps.
can we have permission to use this please for the canadian press. please email
i am seeing multiple tweets reporting he has died, including one from jason kennedy.
any member of either regiment would be very quick to set anyone straight about the difference.
being made on page
yeah ... i am you on that. seems insensitive if the family is not notified.
yes. it must be the greatest honor. my heart aches for his family.
. i am guessing they are reservists since there are no highland regiments in the regular army.
can the press please have permission to use your photo - 416-507-2169
i can tell that i just need to learn about those histories.
too not it. /*sigh*/
photo of the two soldiers on ceremonial guard duty at the nat'l war memorial this morning (via)
i got research to do to get that joke !
count your lucky stars. lt
thanks do you know who created the page ?
can you give me a call 604. 331. 2766 thanks
all current reports indicate that he is alive.
the argyles and black watch are separate regiments with their own histories.
just met with cabinet ministers to discuss the shootings in ottawa today .
who cares about the photo ??? just get out & amp ; talk 2 cans !
love the always looking for votes, who cares
just met with cabinet ministers to discuss the shootings in ottawa today. ”
unfortunate placing of the there. looks like a gnome is hat.
just met with cabinet ministers to discuss the shootings in ottawa today
is an ideology of horrific heinous intolerance
is not a race “
bud echo get mach was theater in sure he wont let his fans down patience dude
the racist that just says things and the racist that behead people, big difference !
rt just met with cabinet ministers to discuss the shootings in ottawa today.
wow. imagine the hoops someone must have gone through to get that picture.
no. tried amp true terror group at its horrific best.
who said it was a race ?
how about no more racists.
bad looks like a dunce cap. seriously.
because he is the prime minister and i want to hear from him. ok with you bud ?
how about no more in the country ?
and the left and rings seem tolerant ???
i just laughed out loud on the bus
will the prime minister speak to the country tonight ?
this photo makes him look like he has a pointy red hat.
is not a nor a religion of peace ?
what 4 u really want 2 hear his monotone excuses ? were surprised ? it was on radar
mt just met with cabinet ministers to discuss the shootings in ottawa today. ”
a timeline of what unfolded during the attack in ottawa
urges stop baking jihad camp ; open humanitarian corridor for
resumed cars vivid mt “ : a time line of what unfolded during the attack in ”
anything known about the sort of responsible assholes ?
a time line of what unfolded during the attack ”
american media : stop calling " canada is 911 " we do not know who or why yet . canadians
thank you could not have said it betters !
this is such an awesome tweet
of course would cut this- for their “ terror meter “ politics
thank you for your in heightened matters calm people are objective ; subjectivity is never acceptable !
whoa which news outlet was calling it that ?
message from toronto police to imams and mosques in wake of :
us must remove terrorism from its policy first
holds head 4 her children
shut up dope. rt hate mongering ! how helpful
tells them to worry about themselves only ... no others. ! all about self !
why has she got a bag on her head - ashamed ?
take your crap else where. your all nothing but
what is in their heads ?
of all the things that happened today, this makes me proudest to be canadian
i think she is right. not bullshit
i think its frustration because of the extremists !
today is tomorrow is terrorist
please stop your you are attacking a large group of people as innocent as you
message from police to imams and mosques in wake of : ”
mosques in the nations should be put on 24x7 surveillance. mosques create jihads.
another you should stop generalizing for god sake.
he took an oath to save lives now takes them
totally epic is not it. they are destroying britain now bring same shit here !
guess this information incorrect then :
you folks r displaying extremism. n you are practicing stereotypical thinking.
can behead the pairs. when pairs expose islam, it is bs for you. cc :
. hate mongering how helpful
that is typical of you is not it ... saying attacking to those who speak truths ! to bad
is suicidal karma #
they would not need to worry if friday sermons did not start with wouldefeating the far. '
not serial killers : duran.
message from police to imams and mosques in wake of : fair enough tba
tell me again its ? is a death cult taqiyya much ?
this does not surprise me .....
they try to use our democracy against us. you learn that in the uk ?
message from police to imams and mosques in wake of : ” is inclusive.
epic after a launched the terror attack, canadian muslims are worried about their mosques.
the ttc says it has “ implemented heightened security across the entire transit system ” in light of the shootings
stop i can not with you lao
just lovely. more security theater.
the best way to fight terrorism is for the etc to be consistently on time.
wake up .... if terror comes here ... world is doomed
why i understand the event is tragic but it is in ottawa, not toronto.
the statement also notes that “ there is no credible threat to public transit in toronto. “
better than your body blown in half
if the dudes who shot up ottawa are white , are we going to have a conversation about terrorism or
do not you know white people can never do anything wrong
important : ottawa police are urging people not to tweet the location of police activity in the field . shooting
not even close. responsible gun owners are everywhere here. i know because i am one.
is a gun free zone, except for gun carrying.
from ottawa police , a map of the downtown ottawa safety perimeter .
from a map of the downtown ottawa safety perimeter.
that is true. just weird how the perimeter includes some water.
they have just reinstated the lock down.
from a map of the downtown ottawa safety perimeter. ”
there are still peopled in lock down there. are policed still clearing buildings ?
i think they are talking more the road area what people want to avoid
you should not be swimming in there at all tba
so how does anyone swim in that water know whether they are in the area ?
thoughts and prayers to everyone in my hometown today .
thoughts and prayers to everyone in my hometown today. ”
what is going on in ottawa ?
hug your kids today jams.
we are strong. we are safe. thanks for your thoughts and prayers.
thanks uncle safe very surreal though.
amen ... its kinda scary up here though
thanks for your thoughts. it is quite shocking. waiting for more news.
thoughts and prayers to everyone in my hometown today. ” amen
our city is a fantastic place to live, and will come out of this stronger than ever.
i have left the hill . want to say i am really impressed by way ottawa police and rcmp handled
. and impressed with parliament is security officials, notably the sgt of arms, and others.
by the 70 saw troops in streets during fly crisis. enemy : quebec terrorists
glad you are safe.
agree we have really good people protecting us.
including letting the onto the hill and into the center block ?
me too everybody have been doing their part well.
mcmaster is flags have been lowered in memory of today is shooting victim in ottawa .
my heart and prayers goes out to the family and friends of the deceased soldier.
respect to mac ... rip to the fallen hero !
a reminder for those observing the shooting on parliament hill : do not tweet police locations and movements
you mean like all the journalists ?
a nice touch from who host tonight : canadian national anthem will be performed pre-game in support of events in
i am tearing this is so beautiful. thank you pittsburgh
seems like owner is behind this decision.
i will try to do better
a lot of the nhl players are canadian ... makes sense.
it is unfortunate that they need to, but good that they are.
because there is ever been a 21 gun salute at a national anthem ? shitty joke is shitty,
they should probably leave out the 21 gun salute
all love this team !
well that and it is a stupid fucking joke.
american and canadian outlets are covering the shooting in ottawa very differently :
police went in in the usa, police would wait hours for swat team.
yes we are which wash experts !
you should read by you might learn something.
i am surprised they have not said ' ebola infected isis terrorist on shooting spree '
of course they are. they are canadians.
objective and thoughtful.
no surprise no news on your part either.
facts are facts. the people in power now are anti-gun, and it is documented.
and that is their issue to deal with their way.
not a shock. media outlets excel at fear mongering.
and outlets are covering the shooting in ottawa very differently :, of course
and outlets are covering the shooting in ottawa very differently : ”
if you are working in the ottawa dowtown area ; follow the instructions from the building management you are in
sad sad news i have been to parliament twice, beautiful
canadian coverage of the ottawa shootings was measured , calm , and presented actual facts . why can not we
is a sad place. we need to take a page from the muslims and change it up
but did you see how abusive the cops got ?! :
the world needs more
we are a country of fear mongers and bigots.
if i voted for bummer i would have to hang myself for treason against america
possibly because still has laws banning the media from reporting falsehoods ? (asked sincerely)
said wakes up. thanks julie ....
something is wrong w that pic huh ?
because we have fox news and cnn .... they make money off of fear and hysterics.
perhaps not running the show over there
the worlds a better place w/o this thug in it any troll expecting an apology can
fish rot from the head down “ : here is a handy visual ”
in there are lots of competition and it is all about ratings. no flipping !
because of is history of violence. they love fear-mongering/warmongering.
because you chucked out the british & gt ; 200 yrs ago.
is funding is from govt, not dependent on ratings ?
if its not for profit it is non existing
he is no ... reagan was an “ american “. who loved his country
because your advertisers will not pay for those types of ratings ?
it’s important for all canadians to be vigilant and report anything they think is suspicious to their local police .
. it is suspicious you used to convict criminals, now you are choosy about the ones you charge
not the time for this discussion. another day. thanks.
there is a long line of cocks for your to suck at the base bryan g
they can not be everywhere cassandra. if the presence was higher there it would have happened elsewhere.
how about starting the putting out more could of, avoided ???
and what will you do ? just watch.
thank you to all your members that put their lives on the line to keep safe today !
breaking : obama : canada shooting notragic ' - ' we are all shaken by it ' ; no information
just another case of work place violence i guess.
remember is so last century. i prefer “ remember norway “.
what about the terror attack that killed americans in israel ??
so they are always given the “ remember oklahoma “ rhetoric. pathetic excuses.
come on we all know by now “ islam has nothing to do with islam “
it is called revenge. you join the forces against them, they come after you.
ol'fred blocked me. guess haters gotta hate together !
it is always remember oklahoma “ rt : before you jump to conclusions remember oklahoma.
you are projecting the facts are self evident
yes and bomber was a paranoid, antisemitic, anti government wack-job. sound familiar ?
your kind of stupid is treatable miranda. ask sarah pain for some tips dear.
there are. but by all means continue to look like a dumb ass
maybe if people like you did not leap to conclusions it would not need to be said !
it is uncanny how many times fred nile re tweets miranda device. birds of a feather ….
but he is not surprised at shooting in houston ! go figure
i am guessing my clock is ticking as well. so i made the best of my morning
before you jump to conclusions remember oklahoma.
how warm and heart felt of a statement from the terrorist in chief.
our thoughts are with those in ottawa and everyone affected by today is events .
our thoughts are with those in ottawa and everyone affected by today is events. ”
incredible footage from of shots being fired in the parliament building in ottawa
thank you for sharing this !
that is the scariest thing i have ever seen !
incredible footage from of shots being fired in the parliament building in ottawa ”
incredible footage from of shots being fired in the parliament building in ottawa ”
sounds terrifying incredible footage of shots being fired in the parliament building in ottawa ”
our viewers have voted on the top jewelry you can get ! check it now at --- sgt ;
when with is tight gun control laws, they are not necessarily safe.
our thoughts are with ottawa .
four northern friends praying everything turns out ok. we are united with you.
our thoughts are with ottawa. ”
sorta reported that they are. if so, a classy gesture.
our thoughts are with ottawa. ”
thanks from a pens fan for life who lives near ottawa.
our thoughts are with ottawa. ”
our thoughts are with ottawa. ” my team always has my back
we all stand with our good friends from the north.
you should sing both anthems tonight, even though you are not hosting a canadian team
thank you i love you guys !
thanks for thinking of us. from a canadian who lives in ottawa
thanks for thinking of us. from a canadian who lives in ottawa.
our thoughts are with ottawa. ” prayers for safety.
our thoughts are with ottawa. ” and prayers
thanks for thinking of us. from a canadian who lives in ottawa
as a living in ottawa, thank you. am proud of the compassion of my hometown.
us is with you.
thanks for thinking of us. from a canadian who lives in ottawa
our thoughts are with ottawa. ”
thank you. i feel like i am in the twilight zone. so eerie ...
we are continually assessing/monitoring situation to ensure we can do our jobs in keeping canadians safe .
thank you for the work you do - stay safe
thank you for all that you do !
thank you for your amazing work ! thinking of all of you !
my thoughts are with you all. x
thank you for what you do.
be safe and god bless you !
more : royal canadian mounted police warned people in downtown ottawa to stay away from windows and rooftops :
warned people in. to stay away from windows & amp ; rooftops. ”
are we about to see a lock down of montreal ?
there is no regard for human life anymore.
our thoughts are with everyone involved in what is happening on parliament hill and confederation square this morning . stay
will the game still be played tonight ?
is the game still on ?
same thing with the incident
what is happened i am in the uk !
i hope the game gets canceled want a refund
any word on the game possible being postponed due to the situation happening downtown ?
let is hope the game is safe
huh you hope it gets canceled ? you want a refund ?
stay classy while protect you
soldier shot at the war memorial. shooting inside parliament
my thoughts and prayers are with the city of ottawa .
yes sad n rough day for ottawa and canada
never really catch you on twitter but can i please get a follow in a huge fan
hope you are enjoying your time playing with your son !!
the was as was and ...
it is easy when you are not a muslim lover
a true to
did not take long did it ?
continues its blatant fraud does not follow the law
all of them lone wolves “ of course.
where the hell is harvard when we need him ?
harper has already called it terrorism, i think
if mm did not report it how do u know it happened ? please supply reference !
just waiting for the “ workplace violence “ claim
remove the word lover “ and you are closer to the truth.
if our leaders can not recognize our enemies, how can the danger ever be defeated ?
mayor of ottawa says it is been a " sad & amp ; tragic day " for the city and
thats sad in may the lost souls rip, especial of the cop in service.
statement on the shooting incident in ottawa – – october 22 , 2014
as in ... make her undemocratic allay prime minister ?
well said. thoughts amp ; prayers for all of canada in this difficult time.
quality post ” could not agree more.
good sensible and intelligent response. we need more politicians like elizabeth may !
remember when you asked where is leeharveyoswald when you need him fay
calming advise from someone who was in the middle of it all
media please read crucial response from
agreed we must ensure we keep our responses proportionate to whatever threat remains. “
why not harper was now somebody else is turn.
" : dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa "
dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa
watch live : cp24 is special coverage of the shootings in ottawa
yes if he is from here. yes.
rt watch live : cp24 is special coverage of the shootings in ottawa
watch live cp24 is special coverage of the shootings in ottawa ”
sending our thoughts and prayers to everyone in at this difficult time . pls follow & amp ; for latest
. take them alive bring them to justice !
you have our support. go get ' em.
sending all of you strength and heart felt prayers ! !
not going to happen. only one side of the story is going to be told
we have no idea who is responsible for the so why are instant commentators talking about ? please stop politics
captured heavy which supposed being for kurd
more like politics of limited memory/attention span.
thank you no one knows anything just yet, as it is too soon !!
it is because a call to arms by isis to attack soldiers.
now he is with 72 virgin goats
educated guess. tell me you will be shocked if/when isis is implicated.
terrible news out of ottawa … my thoughts are with you
oh my gosh finally ... i have start thinking you were dead 😘
thoughts from a great celebrity and sportsman !!!
thanks miles. and they canceled the leafs/ sens game !
so awful. thoughts with and families of slain officers
incomprehensible and terrifying in the country of tolerance.
things to remember .
love this. rt things to remember.
things to remember. ” has been amazing at their careful coverage today.
rt things to remember.
corporate media blew this one. so did civilian media. garbage in garbage out.
i like the ignore corporate media “ model in situations like this.
and whatever you do not mention islamist, one must never mention islamist.
pretty clear no one anything this morning.
things to remember. ”
name a network that did not report idea, multiple shooters, etc.
they all did based on speculation in social media. it started there.
‘ shooting shouldn’t be used as pretext for stripping away more civil liberties ’
stripping away civil liberties like in ... russia ? kidding ! love ya rt !
lord i hope not but what is the reality gonna be ? hopefully decision waits until 2015 election ...
story had more holes than swiss cheese due to historic cover-up in uk
only if you are a young muslim male.
but it will.
. this is the true terror threat.
racist and xenophobic nitwit at work, everyone
what about the who were born in canada ?
what if they are country of origin is canada ?
tell that to big it up, dumb us down.
ok stop calling it royal canadian mountain police .
they really are just idiots at this point
sergeant and king are mortified.
said an expert on what “ mounted “ is.
that is so yet hilariously typical, i do not know what to say.
they are horse. thank you kindly,
now just called the war memorial the peace tower. wow reporting at it is best.
its i will say it
it is just so ignorant at this point really
i guess nobody is perfect !!
we look like cavemen low !!!
have some ' just like the world did when your country was targeted
then who are the royal canadian valley police ?
yes i i wish everyone did
gotta love media. they probably had to use google maps to locate canada too !
striking image rt : parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs , via .
hope he gets a few of these assholes. a dead red is a good red.
we really need to stop posting these photos while a suspect or suspects are still on the loose.
any idea who these fellows are or the organization behind this attack ?
lady in the front seems to b indian
thoughts and prayers out to and all affected today .
this is some scary shit ! outside of ottawa and i can not believe this is happening
thank democracy cannot be silenced
catching up then i will be able to take your place in
ottawa police are confirming a shooting at the war memorial . minutes ago . no other info .
police are confirming a shooting at the war memorial. minutes ago. no other info.
i will be broadcasting tonight from with latest on shootings . live at 8pm and 11pm
so glad you will be there. this has been a horrifying day for all canadians.
i really appreciate coverage that the american media are giving this. glad you care
please do not sensationalize as others have done with theories. report facts alone.
be sure to check out how canada handled the story !
somehow knew you would be here. welcome anderson ... 🍁🇺🇸
rt i will be broadcasting tonight from on shootings. live at 8pm and 11pm ”
please share to support of the deceased soldier cpl. nathan carillon
how did get here so fast ?
thoughts and prayer goes out to all those involved in the tragic events this morning in ottawa .
it is our city has definitely lost it`s innocence today.
my and customers are all on lock down.
pretty scary when something like this hits so close to home.
active shooting in canada , or as we call it in america , wednesday
i do realize that. but poor timing. seemed like she was minimizing the can shooting. 4lisaguerrero
workplace violence wow crazy. the whole thing is sad. unarmed solider doing a ceremonial guard
thank you for kind words.
very stay strong
think before you speak. so disrespectful.
this is an attack at our parliament building and an attack on our soldiers.
it was an indictment on the horrible gun situation in the u.s. it was not a joke.
this is more like the 2x a year when someone gets near the white house.
a soldier that fought with your country to protect you was murdered. show respect !
this is why i am proud to be canadian.
a soldier was killed this morning by that shooter.
you need to do a little more research on that comment
this is why i am proud to be canadian. ” proud to be due
you nailed it.
apologies for the dumb ass calling it wednesday. our pres calls it workplace violence
if it was the white house tho.
i do not mind potential terrorist attacks, so long as they stay that way.
and in we can spell. the b is silent.
potential terrorist attacks are definitely the norm here …
i do get that. but it is a sad day in canada.
congrats on your tweet !
have not had a shooting in the halls of congress. this was an assault on democracy.
and our killed the shooter. second solider murdered in canada in 2 days
thanks for the neighborly love in this time of pain in canada. acts of terror are not funny
most got your back. stay safe.
that looks like it happened ... sad
i completely get making the point about gun violence in america the timing was just a little too soon
this one is gonna get you in trouble girlfriend ...
but the nastiness reaction is the dark side of twitter. looks like nra style campaign.
but can nationalists do not equate to radical islam.
stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting
holy shit what is going onion
stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ” stay safe 1st res ponders !
photo inside caucus room during shooting ” glad to see door barricaded
stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ”
are politics interesting yet ?
what choice do they have ? it is a ' gun free ' zone no doubt.
stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ” fuck
stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ” oh, canada ... & lt
those benches better be
i assume so but it is still disgraceful.
who attacks they are the nicest, most decent people around.
in a place with few guns and this going on in the hall, i would cringe too
stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ” chairs piled at door
crazy stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ”
unfortunately we live in a world of bragging rights.
shocking stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ”
there was 3 separate one man was killed and another was severely injured but in hospital.
on the bus but wow that is insane is anyone hurt ?
look at those stacked chairs !
i can not imagine how scared these people must have been ... “ : ”
please tell me this is a photo shop and the representatives of democracy are not cringing in fear ...
update : 2 dead in hospital shooting
update 2 dead in hospital shooting ” wt
update 2 dead in hospital shooting ”
that is sad to hear what happen in houston condolences to the victims family
... the of texas. yes, it has a democrat mayor. shocking, huh ?
another case of an unarmed sheep. so sad
why is not this on five live
our viewers voted on the most fashionable jewelry you can get !! check it out @ --- sgt ;
what is an atrocity in ottawa is just a normal day with the in the usa.
it was an apparent murder suicide inside the pharmacy. 😕
what are all these shootings rt “ : update : 2 dead in hospital shooting ”
update 2 dead in hospital shooting “
update 2 dead in hospital shooting ”
my the victims are probably a minority. just a guess though
possible at hospital pharmacy. rt : update : 2 dead in hospital shooting
not much information here about anything 😞
surreal photo from ottawa : doors to the tory caucus room on parliament hill , blockaded with furniture . wow
oh low shit just got real low
maybe they should puck locks on those doors
quick everyone on your cell phone, stat !
start the war and then hide.
i love our low tech defense system !
nice to see some unity in the house for once
ottawa shootings : check out the breaking news handbook from :
thanks to for always keeping it professional. you are canada is most trusted jackson.
has learned “ typically means they got a press release in their email.
great rules love these.
shootings check out the breaking news handbook from : ” rt
this is not my .
it is. welcome to the new world.
agreed .... can not believe this is happening !
mine either. i feel sick.
this is not my. ”
i think many of us are feeling this today.
my friend is mom is in korea right now and she met yonghwa , shooting for his drama . here
no problem so close right ?
wow that was so close & amp ; i envy it. thanks for sharing dear 💋
yes super jealous ... such coincidence ...
shooting at war memorial - part of the area has been evacuated - avoid rideau center and surroundings protection monitoring
we are in lock down. campus is closed. classes are canceled. ~ a
avoid idea center and protection monitoring ~ a
yeah is it safe to go to class ??
thanks carter. do not worry i am in the basement level at school
do we go to our classes ???
we are in lock down. campus is closed. classes are canceled. ~ a
this is all they have said about it so far
avoid idea center and protection monitoring ~ a
avoid idea center and protection monitoring ~ a
canine unit running to parliament hill
notice the guy in the back who is just tweeting ? i would be freaking the eff out !
shooting outside of war memorial in ottawa the scene : rt : canine unit running to parliament hill
while random man in suit updates twitter ? “ : canine unit running to parliament hill ”
beautiful shepherd. looks like a clone of my dog.
canine unit running to parliament hill ” not in canada ! what is going on ???
i doubt posting officers approach is safe for them.
please , no partisan commentary about what’s happening in ottawa . leave the damned politics for another day .
consider all commentary about the canadian firearms ' registry saved for another day …
i was about to the same before is reality check
. harper suddenly appoint you god for a day before he ducked out ?
how do you think we got here ?
you are so very right !!!!!!!
why you know the fascist cons are gonna milk this for all they can.
: pmo says pm harper is safe and has left parliament hill
crazy just how many people accept the concept that islam is the evil enemy bad guys.
. can you please stop showing video of the dead soldier
rt pro says pm harper is safe and has left parliament hill
let is be worried about all ppm on parliament hill right now. not just the pm !!
that is too bad low
thank you harper there is the first blood of our military on your hands. are you happy ?!
like people are calling for the rounding up of a religious group and cutting off their thumbs ....
pro says pm harper is safe and has left parliament hill ”
officer wilson will not face any criminal charges in the shooting . he was defending himself . be prepared people
nothing to do with it is the sub ordinates corrupting the law.
glad i live among st like minded people when these things happen.
gt gt ; is your generator working in time for the race war ?
gotta steal some is to show how outraged we are.
be ready for savage violence and rioting in the name of peace and “ anti-racism “
this will be some high quality tv ...
i call them non savages. predominately white though.
you know what that means ? free tv is and sneakers for everybody.
the natives are getting restless.
here we just another excuse to loot and pillage in the name of racism
with the latest this sounds likely ...
i will bring the media will bring the gas can
coincidence ? nobelist malala youseafzai was to receive honorary canadian citizenship in ottawa today
my sarcasm font evidently does not show up well ...
i think they corrected that and said ceremony was in toronto
i stand corrected. rt i think that ceremony was planned for toronto
i think it is more than a coincidence.
she was receiving this in toronto today - not ottawa.
so terrible. peace and love to the world. may the brave stand brave.
might want to read the article you are tweeting. she is receiving honor in toronto.
any of it. no peace in islam morons.
i think that ceremony was planned for toronto
how dare you imply
i got the moron part was for the islamist.
but i hope to god this was not meant to be a multi-city event
i say no this barbarism was let in & amp ; now we reap the whirlwind
agreed. she has gotten threats even here in canada
she is actually visiting not ottawa. the pm was set to go there this morning.
i think it was set for toronto ... not sure.
do not forget this from last month
ceremony to honor to take place in toronto -- not ottawa.
you move to and start getting all slopping with your facts ... 😃
what part of religion of peace “ do you not understand ?
“ stay safe ottawa ” is a phrase that need never be uttered in a just world .
see even bitches about it !
yeah. now i believe you 😁
congrats on your tweet !
for the record i am afraid of the vulnerability of traffic, not traffic itself.
unless you are thinking of random falls skating on the, or perhaps
congrats on your tweet !
subdued but largely business as usual. lots of people staring at phones.
are you downtown i am curious what downtown mtv is like right now.
confirming that it is entirely business as usual in downtown mtv
our thoughts are with those in ottawa today . stay safe , everyone .
have dawn sing the national anthem tonight !
this is a great idea.
please be safe iii knowwe are strangers but we are all family in this great nation
seems the are involved in a lot of crimes, just do not understand
sounds crazy i am watching on the news in the uk !! hope everyone stays safe !!
i second that all the way from england
anthem being sung tonight despite a can team playing would be powerful gesture of respect
thank you for your support and love 😘 more tthanone person involved 😢
i totally agree would be such a touching and amazing gesture
good i am glad it all ended relatively peacefully. and you are all safe and well.
welcomes living in myself seeing pens singing o canada just made me lose it emotionally
it would be a great gesture to those injured and me and my fellow
it is crazy here for sure, really hope they are caught asap and brought to justice
we are all save now ! thank you for your kind words.
key : nothing in wilson is story in new autopsy says he feared for his life or life of another
. you are clearly one of the reasons the dumb blond stereotype continues to be perpetuated.
even if that never a struggle for his gun validates the shooting completely. clown.
not when the perpetrator is 20 ft away a running ....... oh clown
no altercation between the two with another person at the scene did the autopsy show that ?
nothing in the autopsy say that michael brown feared for the life either.
great job on the miller show ! keep spitting that truth !
u not be in fear if a giant black dude was trying to kill u ?
it does not even say why brown was stopped
thanks. stands by for call.
you are not allowed to go on vacation !
you are too dumb for words.
canadians : in sadness & amp ; outrage at today is tragedy , let us be united — resolved to
your neighbors are saddened and outraged, too. hope the rcmp nab those shooters quickly
pull yourself raffia. people are murdered every day. this sentimentalist, psychodrama is detestable
you are a dick if you think otherwise.
not a tragedy it is terrorism.
my thoughts and prayers , and those of all canadians , with everyone in ottawa and the brave women and
this is just one example of the growing sick progressive world that undermines our freedom
anyone knows if the shooter was from the religion of peace ?
always look in the parts of the wallet that do not get used often. sometimes coins in there
proud of you lee. these progressives need to be called out. today, more than ever
i am surprised is not speaking out about the virtues of the religion of peace
need to get those flags at mcdougall lowered - as a show of respect and solidarity today ...
like figuring out how to get more money out of my wallet ?
not my building. that is
nice try a support the troops ' decal is a great visual reminder
decals do not properly honor our brave men and women in uniform, there are much better ways
because the most important issue facing our military is a magnet. great.
should be up to taxpayers. they r our vehicles
they were provided to the city for free
my comment was not related to that. just his constant desire to raise taxes.
pshaw. part of the job.
where was your public tweet when your own bulgarians were injured by extremism this summer :
why silly comment during important issue and time, worry about your decal another day.
shooting investigation going on for more than 3 hours . much of downtown ottawa still in lockdown :
i am told that all the bridges into from west quebec are closed. can you confirm ?
what is happening with game tonight has the made a decision yet ?
passersby working on shooting victim . from the cbc is jason ho .
please contact clad (514) 207-2173
how horrible ” shit.!!
.... terrible news to hear of a solider injured on canadian soil - thoughts and prayers
passersby working on shooting victim. from the cbc is jason ho. ”
did anybody manage to nail the shooter ?
what a classy photo. it could be your mom. booo show some discretion.
very sad. makes me wonder where this world is coming to. prayers to all involved.
passersby working on from cbc is jason ho ”
we are here , we have people for you to talk to , if you are scared , anxious ,
remember if you are scared, anxious, stressed and need someone. 613-238-3311
my thoughts & amp ; prayers are with the families of the victims of today’s shootings in ottawa , as
is there any reserved areas or special seating available for current serving members of the canadian forces ?
i would like to attend tomorrow nights game with my fiance and her father if possible.
live stream : cbc news coverage of the mobile :
the mobile link works on is ; i don’t know about the other link
the link works for me on my computer.
it must be our servers blocking the feed
can anyone get this live stream to work on their computer ?
at times like these it is important to stand together as a nation . stay safe , remain vigilant !
and that your supports you as well !
at times like these it is important to stand together as a nation. ”
dear confused right-wing friends : my article was about monday is car incident , not the ottawa shooting this morning
and too soon “
scandalous we let these cripples come here
by the definition of terrorism i read around, any premeditated assault anywhere could qualify as terrorism …
. we and you are still fucking insane.
defends terrorism by insisting it is not terrorism, but attacking off-duty soldiers is definitely that
. it was probably those mackenzie brothers, angry about a mouse in their beer.
he thinks that is anything but a distinction w/o a difference ? lol.
. dear openly defends a terror attack on canadians in his article
practices genocide against many people, you do not care and feel action against them is an outrage
west is not under attack- david copperfield is just hiding the wt cs ! “
why would not the same logic apply ?
excellent piece on radicalism cause and effect. it reminded me of this :
. not sure that is better.
is that jean arose i have got his hockey card at home !!!!
i have been more convinced by drunken japanese karaoke wails of “ i did it my way ! “
answer the question. what is the difference ?
we will soon find out but we are all thinking the same thing ...
writers can be but not that fast.
no place for causation in manicheism.
but it is important to know. that is our job.
. got it ... you are a dyed in the wool right winger ... move along now
. if you have the patience ... try to research and see who started it all
. i do not believe i did.
no wars for the oils !
dear confused dumb ass. they are the same ...
not complicated rt analyzing the cause of violence is not defending such violence.
you are doing so much to discredit the great work done by you and snowmen ...
oh dear. mt my article was about mondays is car incident, not ottawa shooting this morning
that is not always true ; in fact, most of the time it is not true
the situation is still unfolding. it started only a few minutes ago.
how does the subject of the article change the fact that is a douche ?
i mean too soon “ for a bob and doug joke
. thank ma'am. . .
noted public shooting advocate greenland.
we do know they were a terrorist though
. that explains your childish ignorance ... we are done
yes. use big letters and crayons for little weedy
the beginning of the end : why the west can never beat isis
never the ideology. nope
yep. drinks coffee
so defending is now known as analysis. gotcha.
global state. 1991. brotherhood. in the us. they brought it here.
. analyzing the cause of violence is not defending such violence. but war mongers do not agree
if you are ever in need of a bridge, i can hook you up. bye now.
just like doctors are “ defending “ cancer when they say it is caused by smoking
. . . he feels canada was wearing a short skirt in a bad part of town.
but that is just it. . is career depends on propagating a false, simplistic narrative.
. if you stopped watching fox for a few days u will know that west was never under attack
arbiter.
' defending the west from terror '. yea you really nailed it.
right. more rubble less trouble “ is a profoundly important opinion.
fair point. my apologies.
easty for me to say from where i am , but what should happen , tomorrow or when this is
they will have a shortage of virgins in islamic paradise when we are finished with these a-holes.
. reads we will use these crimes as justification for our political objectives. join or perish.
remember remember 22 “ not that catchy but “ remember 11 nov “ might catch on
if people are still allowed to assemble there.
lets do that that is a great idea !
if we become paralyzed by fear, then they have won.
i would like to re tweet this, andrew. can you please unblock me ?
and outside hospital of soldier shot at war memorial. a show of solidarity.
i can not be in ottawa tomorrow. instead, i am going to vote.
2 soldiers murdered in 2 days in canada in service of canada. unprecedented.
: update - one person shot at war memorial in ottawa , police say
arrest these monsters before they commit more atrocities against the people of canada !
rt update one person shot at war memorial in ottawa, police say
anyone with photos or videos from today is shootings , send to at this link
anyone with photos or videos from today is shootings, send to at this link ”
anyone with photos or videos from today is shootings, send to at this link ”
rt anyone with photos or videos from today is shootings, send to at this link
anyone with photos or videos from today is shootings, send to at this link ”
anyone with photos or videos from today is shootings, send to at this link ”
watch video : ottawa shooting witness clips :
he goes by the name him al-arabia check it out before it is gone.
what about the soldier please gets us news on his condition.
is asking us not to post videos of the ongoing incident to protect first res ponders
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa and those affected by today is events .
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa and those affected by today is events. ”
you guys are all class ! thank you
our thoughts are with everyone in ottawa and those affected by today is events. ”
stay strong we stand together !!!
ottawa , you have been on my mind all day . keeping you in my heart .
all the things i saw today, that made me squirt a couple tears. thank you.
you are very welcome. if you are in ottawa, please be safe ! & lt
you are very welcome. please stay safe.
hugs captain bookable the sweetest tweet today.
talk about classic. way to go.
this is amazing lt from ottawa
no matter where you are in , there is a 100% chance your mom is worried . text/email/call your family
nicely agreed. but probably applies to parents of any gender
police also say not to tie up phone and internet.
brown are at worry at the best of times ; today, closer to 600%.
mother is warnings gt ; rcmp warnings
my stupid brother has not gotten back to me !
penguins will also have the canadian national anthem before tonight is game . a thoughtful gesture by the pens .
classy move but more lets go fliers !!!
they should do this every game !
what do you think about coach johnston so far ?
buffalo always play both due to the relationship with ontario i would think it even greater after today.
the should do the same before game 2
do we as know the words ? lol no
why have you blocked me ???!?!?!?
classy move by a great organization.
you know will be great as always !
how good of a year will hornqvist have with crosby ?
americans should watch canadian coverage of ; you will quickly realize what a pathetic sh*tshow us politics & amp ;
oh i forgot you are visiting canada aren’t you ?
no thank you already know.
the true miracle would be an admission that we have anything to learn from anyone.
one of the pleasures of going to school in potsdam & amp ; living in arena was cbc.
we are number one we are number one !
good chunk of us already know.
us politicians and media drifters and their scribes.
i kinda think most know that by now, or at least suspect. partial credit ?
i will be in touch !
those of us who are rational already knew this.
but they have socialized medicine * and * tracking -- how can this be ?
our thoughts are with the city of ottawa and those affected by today is events . be safe .
i had figured as much. thanks for the love has you are a class organization
really show some class bud
hoping my hometown team would. makes no sense that the do this before montreal.
thank you for offering our nations capital your sincerest thoughts of concern. 📕🍁📕
we did tweet about it. her
bless the city of boston and all the u.s for the support. thank you.
ottawa police confirm a shooting at canada is national war memorial -
police confirm a shooting at canada is national war memorial “ this is disgusting.
police confirm a shooting at canada is national war memorial - ” ironic
police confirm a shooting at canada is national war memorial - ”
they told me has “ very polite “ people ....
pm netanyahu spoke with canadian pm harper and conveyed the condolences of the israeli people in wake of the terrorist
is wrong with you ?????
um ... terrorism was invented by.
um .... not nickel back. it would be totally inhuman to blame israel for that.
here is an harper supposed 2 meet w/male and can troop left 4 kuwait to fight isis
you are blaming for terrorism in canada. how about blaming islam which encourages terrorism ?
i called that one. so annoyed by is very existence. he needs to die.
not blaming the at all. just making an observation.
just because commits terror acts every day does not lead me to conclude that judaism encourages it
good guess but that clock was in beverly hills.
is also to blame for famine, ebola, north korea, and nickel back ?
that is had terrorism before harper. do your fact checking moron in from canada
broad is probably going to rock contemporary with his museum - is it open yet ?
do not beat your maid missy !
either hotel be air or the peninsula. lol.
like seek and end to extremist violence that means joining the war.
you are such a fancy pants. is the pic from the getty collection ?
yes. must be the fault
it is really ironic that the green party is still around.
is what i mentioned not a fact ? canada did not have terrorism before harper / israel.
that it is. is amazing. just the architecture alone is beautiful.
you are so defensive i was joking around low
because going to war has ever solved anything.
blaming the that did not take long.
if i were cooler and less uptight id pick shutters.
i do not jock derek is away 😊😂😂😂😂😂😂
and why is that oh enlightened one ?..
u bring fox news shit for me ?? 😂😂😂
i dunno. ask my girlfriend.
how does know this was perpetrated by no terrorists ' ? is this another false flag operation ?
quite so. yet poisonous comments show that there are still many morally backward people about.
agreed. they need six mega wow pieces and they are golden.
very true. i say impressionist and modern/post-modern art.
ironic given that is himself a terrorist and a war criminal.
to you on the receiving end say terrorist but to stop a constant threat against beulah is just
is like happen day - good and consistent, but not the best.
yes war is the only way to curtail extreme violence.
had no history of such happenings before siding with war crime state of.
yes exactly. it looks like la !
and bib reach out in sorrow to 💧
good choice yeah would be awesome.
well posted my stand w/canada if you took note‼then some1 typically blamed jews … so‼i stand w/israel
world diplomats privately will wonder why terrorist state dares to send condolences. absolutely pathetic
right there with you. bel air. close to the pool.
we stand w/ our canadian partners as scene unfolds in ottawa . we stand resolute in defense of our 2
thank you my friends to the south !
have you raised alert status or not ? reports conflict ! thank you. will forward response to readers
my thoughts and prayers go out to ottawa .
glad that head offices are not in
my thoughts and prayers go out to ottawa. ” 😏
the nice day went careful.
we are very scared here !
my thoughts and prayers go out to ottawa. ” 💕
pray for from “ : my thoughts and prayers go out to ottawa. ”
photo : parliament hill caucus room barricaded with furniture due to active shooter situation -
a primitive response to but not the best course of action. proactive planning is key.
really concealed carry solves that
really that is all that is protecting them, wow
so ... no one has considered security evan practice, and if so ... that is silly
if the citizens of were able to be armed, they would not bitch up like their government !
actually putting chairs like that is pathetic and allows more killings in actual situations your sitting ducks
updated : obama condemns ottawa shootings as ' outrageous , ' offers to help with response
indeed condemns shootings as ' outrageous, ' offers to help with response ”
please do not tweet locations of officers in in light of what has just occured !
please do not tweet locations of officers in light of what has just occurred !
please do not tweet locations of officers in light of what has just occurred ! ”
wish the media would quit reporting locations too ... cbc ct cnn
please do not tweet locations of officers in light of what has just occurred !
please do not tweet locations of officers in light of what has just occurred ! ”
i thought the same thing ....
this is like monitor in june all over again !
rt please do not tweet locations of officers in light of what has just occurred !
breaking : police : shooting incident reported near canadian parliament . spokesperson : prime minister harper " is safe "
does have a gun problem that everyone does not know about ? educate yourself before commenting bs
seriously tho. glad you said that to him.
can not they have strict laws against such things
is meant to be really boring !
so is strict gun control policies have failed again
not disagreeing. i was just surprised at the headline.
if there is a bright spot in ottawa today , it is that did an amazing job keeping that young
i had not heard that ! yes, those civilians are definitely heroes !
at last report he was alive and being treated in hospital. that was maybe 40 him ago
not to mention the civilians that started the cpr while waiting
rt : incredible shot : a woman gives mouth-to-mouth to a fallen soldier at the war memorial
order of for that woman !
both of them where they could be shot. greatful to the three of you. first class
we will at least they will see him being cared for.
that is a pretty heartbreaking picture. and that soldier for their safety
shameful to rt picture of gravely injured individual
can we not show pub of fallen please. milutary families watching and worried. irresponsible and creepy
be brave and do what you can, canada will never live in fear
kurdistan is with you canada & amp ; israel , we are fighting isis right now . isil
wondering what the is waiting !
we support you right brave people
you will be surprised by the kurd, like arabs were surprised by jews in 1948.
yours is the most pressing of these ! let no one forget that !
you bet they unlike most arabs and turks.
berry is sending food, & amp ; missing with bombs.
. is. real enemy of muslims ...
our boys are on the way, stand strong friend
but in return r they supporting kurdish people ?
said by a crash in kurdish wedding bash
we got your back also lets do this hookah !!!
is going to be a pipe dream, filth like you will make sure of that !
remember : do not tweet location of police in
remember do not tweet location of police in ”
ottawa : do not tweet your location . do not tweet the location of police units . resist urge to
but you are a reporter should not you be there ?
i am in looking after my father who has cancer.
remain calm amp do not panic.
go troll somewhere else. bye bye
i can not believe my eyes and ears at what has happened. it seems unreal.
false flag what else is happening in gov today we are not supposed to see ?
so relieved you are okay. stay safe, my prayers are with all.
stop spreading lies to the can people- false flag anyone ? phoney
best troll tweet of the day ! (thus far) dd
parliament hill security : " the situation is evolving " - lockdown reinstated in offices around the hill
. release the security contracts stat b1tchezzzz ‼ we need bigger security fence now ‼
please stay safe.
now they know how monitor felt. terrible waste of life.
just heard it i do not get it
all my prayers are with my friends in ottawa.
rcmp advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident .
advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident. ”
get this loser shooting soldiers ... be safe but end this guy !!
bc stands with all of canada against the violence in ottawa , and with the brave men and women keeping
if you have a minute can you give me a call ? 604. 331. 2766 thanks
if they have not found the gunman yet i hope they find him and shoot to kill.
proud of how handled this today, many heroes.
what a risky political stance to take.
can not it is the brave people “ ?
can we all call you as well ?
if your first response to the is to make a political point , your humanity is sadly and sorely lacking
like holder amp ; ram emanuel ? liberals never politicize !
political correctness paves the road for these types of shootings.
the attack is against the pm and the canadian government. you know nothing do you ?
the attack was on parliament hill ! what part of that is not political ?
let is sit and wait for your next few tweets. bet you contradict your humanity.
mine was tears. and only tears.
the incident in is sad and worrisome.
what is one meant to do ?
agreed. but your second or third response once evidence is known could/should be.
first response should be check ammo supply !
you gained the upper hand by tweeting like super liberal.
praying for everyone in ottawa right now
parliament hill and surrounding areas are under attack after 3 shootings
oh my i am from alberta so i did not know but prayers to everyone !
be careful what you read about ottawa , and what you repeat . tipsheet via
be careful what you read about ottawa, and what you repeat. tipsheet via ”
. reflexively re tweeted this. sorry.
great info. thanks for sharing.
and do not jump to conclusions.
is very important to keep in mind.
. definitely not going to rt this graphic until it is been confirmed !
did you send this to lucia ?
indeed. lots of misinformation floating around out there ...
stunning photos from ottawa
shooting war memorial parliament one dead rt
stunning photos from ottawa ” this is where the shooter was killed.
this is absolute madness. what is going on in my country i fought so hard for.
so sorry they now have “ workplace violence “ like us !!
i can see no gain of knowledge from these pictures. none.
israeli pm calls pm harper to extend condolences for shooting , express full support for canada is fight against terror
where they think is royal canadian mountain police ... (* cnn today)
did send another letter praising the mosque where the shooter attended ?
and that justified the bombing of a red cross hospital how ?
did the criminals discuss further genocide operations in middle east ?
i could say the same thing to you, sir
we r so unfortunate that us is our neighbor country
but did pm offer condolences to pm for 3-month old baby killed in terrorist attack ?
what about first stopping it towards palestine ?
terrorists used ambulances to go from one place to another.
oh did i hurt your jewish feelings with the truth, let me block you then
the if is investigating that incident. it was an unfortunate accident
so what that is not news cbc !
tried to minimize civilians casualties, have u head of “ knock on the roof “ ?
recognizes stops ambulances and tank buster missiles 😃😃😃
less than 1,000 kids and 1,000 cold blooded terrorists
this is what happened when u blindly support us
we do not need condolences from genocidal mass murders thank you
this tweet makes you sound ignorant
lets see how you will handle terrorists that are trying to kill you and use civilians as human shields
frustrated by canadians ' lack of panic .
it is called being rational and not living in fear like idiots
we have got for that in quebec at least
why am i not surprised by this tweet ?
obviously they are not watching enough cnn !
does not have fox news to get everyone all worked up
the pittsburgh penguins had oh canada sung tonight vs philly in honour of the event in ottawa .
very classy move. from no less.
witnesses of today’s shooting incidents , call 613-236-1222 ext 5493 .
witnesses of today’s shooting incidents, call 613-236-1222 ext 5493. ”
such a sad day here today, thanks goes to all men/women serving on their bravery
witnesses of today’s shooting incidents, call 613-236-1222 ext 5493. ”
rt : ottawa : do not tweet your location . do not tweet the location of police units . resist
i guess it is not safe on our patio ?
stay inside. just stay inside.
good. thank you for letting me know.
fast to be the most responsible statement from a news station, wish more would do it.
where are stay put.
and make sure shooters are not taken alive
sorry i stepped away from twitter, linda and i are indoors where we are safe !
a reminder for those observing the shooting on parliament hill : do not tweet police locations and movements
your right i apologize i was not thinking ! very sad. r.i.p nathan
but i did not provide positions, movements or photos of locations ... opec intact.
but you just tweeted the shooting @ parliament hill ?? 😲
a reminder for those observing the shooting on parliament hill : do not tweet police locations and movements
just saw a member of the public go up to a cf member and shake his hand and thank him
god bless all our forces personnel !
wilson claimed he " radioed for assistance " discredited by dispatch transcripts :
now that he is proven he is a liar, when do we arrest him ?!!
city does dispatch for them. you can hear it on the dispatch tape.
nothing much has changed since jim crow in missouri.
he lied he never did nor did the store owner call in a robbery
i do not think he or his friendly leaders can keep his story straight at this point.
shout out to for info leading to this discrepancy.
shout out to for info leading to this discrepancy. ”
everything pd say is but would still like to know facts, details, etc
troll account created to harass ferguson activists. look at who it follows.
they would have been notified of officer involved shooting. instead they learned from media reports.
because people smoked and already wounded, always charge police !! makes total sense.
county dispatches for fed and at least one other pd.
so stock photo you are one of the conservative nut jobs/racist trolls.
holy i pooped my pants batman next thing u know he will be n da pen.
they were released by anonymous and can be heard on you tube.
thinking of layton is words : " love is better than anger . hope is better than fear . optimism
oh shut it. not today chick.
a beautiful sentiment for this challenging moment
and fantasy is better than reality. what drivel
not much solace for the mother and father of the soldier who was shot.
new evidence , including autopsy report , supports darren wilson is account of ferguson shooting
spoken like a true constipated cracker.
those who lied to the grand jury hopefully will stand trial on charges of perjury.
nope. it was who was witnessed making the initial aggressive acts with car.
grabbing is shirt does not sound so hard.
sounds even less plausible that mb attacked an armed officer with his fist. ludicrous.
lets not be ridiculous amp ; spin this.
the robbery video does not even show the cash register where may have paid.
new including autopsy report, supports darren wilson is account of ferguson shooting ”
but this case got cheapened by all the bs racist talk. the real message is getting lost
not a single piece of evidence even hints at racism. thats where this case became lost
you can not be serious.
maybe you can offer an explanation for why that is the case with traffic stops, arrests ...
why do so many people think unarmed guys attack armed cops ? makes no sense.
clearly you have not read wilson is statement from yesterday
you too my best to you and yours. may justice prevail
may not have intended to murder, but it looks like he could not control his anger.
was is gun on his right or left side ?? idiots
no silly. the store turned it over after the customer called them.
amp you think this protest has been executed well/ helped their cause ?
the concern expressed from residents protesting is the history of ferguson pd profiling
admitted they stole the cigars
yet he just robbed a store. did not exactly pick the best example for their cause regardless
to determine that he ' robbed a store ' you would need charges prosecution, and a conviction.
that is why the author of this report needs to claim pot made mb crazed and erratic.
i think we have pretty much covered everything. 😉
you honestly think cops hunt down blacks to murder ? honestly ? what world do you live in ?
it does no such thing.
uh ... there is no proof that even knew about the alleged shoplifting incident.
of course it does rt new evidence supports darren wilson is account of ferguson shooting
good luck with that mindset. you would rather believe cops are just murdering people for no reason ?
peace to you. best wishes for us all.
not as awkward as a cop trying to grab a 6'4 300lb man through his car window
does the strong armed robbery make sense ?
my agenda is justice. what is yours ?
so you think the cops stole the footage then, i am guessing ?
i would like to agree with you but i think that is to be determined.
i do not see how was able to reach through the car window and punch in the face.
that is where your premise fails. there was no robbery id by wilson (per chief)
the message ' from residents is blacks are targeted by pd disproportionately
you do not have to defend that your opinion could change. that is rather obvious.
if justice facts should trump emotion.
this seems does not it also matches dorian johnson is account ??
a customer called the police. the store personnel did not even file a complaint.
outstanding . thanks so much for your commitment and support !
would not it is awkward far a tall guy like that to throw punches through the window ?
surely you have an opinion about whether the shooting was justified.
i can appreciate that investigation but the race angle ? cheap
an opinion sure. but that could change based on evidence/facts. sad to have to defend that
has not has the balls to speak out about the shooting m
only people giving mike brown the benefit of the doubt are people with a certain agenda.
i am going to disconnect from the convoy at this point. thanks for the discussion mm.
we will j accept anything damning to the victim, accept anything favorable to the shooter ?
stay safe ottawa . stay strong canada .
been scared about this happening for months. worst nightmare came true ! thanks for your concern.
my prayers go out to ottawa. just so scary xx
thank you so much for your thoughts and prayers. love from canada.
some government offices across including municipal halls may now on heightened security clearance. scary.
stay safe stay strong canada. ” -- thank you !
rcmp advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident .
advises people to stay away from hill due to ongoing police incident.
rt advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident.,
advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident. ”
because god forbid they do their job and protect those reporters from the active shooter on the loose ...
you mean like police pointing guns are entire groups of reporters ? does not sound safe at all.
advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident. ”
my hubby tom camp myself live close by parliament hill over here in ottawa, ontario-canada thank u
and we have seen a dozen of every level of police racing over to parliament hill/war memorial
keep yourselves and the public safe !
so is 3rd hand information. which is known as hearsay ... yet no actual complaint made hmm ...
if they were pointing weapons at the media do not you think a reporter would say something ?
advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident. ”
and pointing armed automatic weapons at a group of non-suspect media is a perfect example of that ?
advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident. ”
advises people to stay away from parliament hill due to ongoing police incident. ”
because god forbid they keep their heads during emergency situations and do not wave their guns around like maniacs
shooting incidents in ottawa today : ongoing investigation
my map shows tweets from shooting site … …
. release on shooting incidents in ottawa today :
official pd statement shooting incidents in ottawa today : ongoing investigation ”
police confirm soldier has died. rt : shooting incidents in ottawa today : ongoing investigation
news release from shooting incidents in ottawa today : ongoing investigation
power out in bells corners ! any connection to today is events ?
asking for assistance if you have any photos or videos from shooting send to :
asking for assistance if you have any photos or videos from shooting send to :
asking for assistance if you have photos/videos fm shooting send to : ”
tip sheet : helping kids cope with media coverage of war and traumatic events
might be best to turn off the news for a few days
they practice lock downs at school for six-year-olds ? now i am really depressed.
many kids will still about it and it ' s important they are supported.
great thank you. our letter for students/staff is here
are the new fire drill
yup. because newton. because that is so relevant in calgary.
some personal thoughts on a tragic day in ottawa :
a very thoughtful essay. thanks for sharing.
some personal thoughts on a tragic day in ottawa : ” absolutely !
nice bob. thanks for sharing !
amazing bob. that was deep.
thanks for bob.
bob nails it as always “ : some personal thoughts on a tragic day in ottawa : ”
as very well said. 😥
here are my thoughts as we face tragic events in ottawa , our nation’s capital .
this is such sad news !
oh stand on guard for thee !
blow it out your ass data boy.
true north strong and free.
gov-gen'l:“: here are my thoughts as we face tragic events in ottawa, our nation’s capital. “
sickening news from this morning . thoughts with those downtown and the law men and women working to keep our
stay bobby
i could not find the right words and you gave it to me
hope you and the rest of the senators are staying safe bobby !
stay safe bobby from all of leafs nation
down but safe bobby ! true heroes at work here downtown today.
i am like a shooting star , i have come so far . i can not go back to where
i know the joys x
we are going to be singing it a lot in the next few weeks !
sorry i was going to but i would not let me 😢
i am like a i get thrown around all the time
it is alright do not tag me or anything
raw video war memorial shooting .
the government needs to enact the war measures act and arrest all islamist.
that does not justify attacking civilians in canada or elsewhere
whoa thank harper for getting involved in the u.s. is constant interfering in the middle east.
why the fuck would post this video !!! fucking disgusting on you part cbc !!!!
i was not justifying just mentioning consequences for actions.
security measures heightened across canada amid ottawa attack
whomever posted this need a sit down.
thank you and stay safe to those who do the protecting during times like this. & lt
security measures heightened across canada amid ottawa attack ” heavy artillery ha
amusing photo to accompany that tweet.
bikes and mobiles : security measures heightened across canada amid ottawa attack ”
2 of 3 the are busy on their smart phones
security measures heightened across canada amid ottawa attack ” canada snapshot !
security measures heightened across canada amid ottawa attack ” bikes rock !
nice picture security measures heightened across canada amid ottawa attack ”
wow they bought them bullet prof bikes cool ...
oh we stand on guard for thee !!!!
are those bikes bullet proof ?
3 people on bikes heightened canadian security.
actually amazing . rt : things to remember .
awesome. printing this for our digital desk students.
yes. amazing and wise. rt : actually amazing. rt : things to remember.
actually amazing. rt : things to remember. ”
reflexively re tweeting this rt actually amazing. rt : things to remember.
should add that opinions are not facts about 100 times.
good but good luck with this because everyone wants to be a news source.
actually amazing. rt : things to remember.
anonymous sources are the backbone of investigative journalism, this is only valid advice in crisis.
listen amp re tweet responsibly. rt : actually amazing. rt : things to remember.
... printing .... digital .... seems like an oxymoron !
ottawa shooting : how events unfolded , first shots fired at 9:52 a.m. at the war memorial
so sad. it is a tragedy
justice served : michael dunn gets life in prison for shooting unarmed jordan davis : now what ?
justice served : mmichaelddunngets life in prison for shooting unarmed jjordanddavis : ”
blast him with loud music ... 8 hours a day !!!
finally the white man goes to jail for life 🙌
well now you part ways with your jewish owner ?
lesson for the others to not just take people is lives.
all day amp ; nice low
i guess he bet on the race card and he lose
finally there is some justice after all.
nothing will happen. he will probably be a hero to the aryan nation in prison.
no injustice goes unpunished. .
now what about brown is death
texas police officer receives death threats after video shows him fatally shooting a puppy
what a fucking dick. piece of shit.
. the punishment for someone harms an animal should be being thrown in a pool filled with piranhas.
i can never unseen that story !
what the fuck people are sick !
i hope he gets what he deserves to man
good give money to it. asshole. hope u get ebola.
that is some serial killer behavior
fuck that fucking asshole.
can not imagine why that would be happening.
what does the jackass expect ?
what a jerk moron !!!!!!! 😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
who the f does that ??? for christs sake ??? omg
asshole shoot him in the ass
anyone with tips regarding the shooting incidents , or those looking to report suspicious activity , can call 613-236-1222 x5493
time to take action in our own hands since our president will not time for americans to jihad
mt tips regarding shooting call 613-236-1222 x5493 or call 9-1-1
this is what happens when u harbor terrorists.
false flag event to scare the sheep
go and round up all as they are violent !
watch live coverage of shooting in ottawa desktop : mobile :
why did you interrupt the interview with eyewitness construction worker who was only feet away from the shooter ?
video of the events unfolding near capital in via : desktop : mobile :
interviewing him may interfere with how he remembers events unfolding so police should be first ?
thinking about everyone in at parliament hill. stay safe. follow live coverage on
terrible news in ottawa today . thoughts and prayers to everyone involved
terrible news in today thoughts and prayers to everyone involved
prayers to all of and canada
terrible news in ottawa today. thoughts and prayers to everyone involved ”
terrible news in ottawa today. thoughts and prayers to everyone involved ”
was looking forward to the rivalry tonight, but for now, were all united.
updated : photos from shooting on parliament hill :
the second picture is a picture of my friends dad mg
god be with our soldier and everyone in canada
my twitter shows shooting
updated photos from shooting on parliament hill : ”
news of the attack in ottawa is extremely disturbing . i pray for everyone is safety .
law amp order is a state subject. i think new gov in maharashtra will do it
also want what is the pattern that u are talking of in diff states. can you elaborate
true bastard is still alive ! fucking cunts
my bad he died in 2013.
murder brutally rape/murder, now
i am not following this particular case much. but just tell me, have they not arrested ppm
no 1 ' creates ' communal divide. jihadis terrorize-ord muslims cry victim, hindu suffers
do u sense any pressure ? 1 pub statement by on worsening lamp situation in secular ' states ?
may god watch over all souls in danger !
the world does not run as per you are thinking ....
what at murder of by islamist thugs ? such incidents happening frequently, what is doing ??
actually should make a statement on how jihad his are provoking a communal flare up
thanks to prey who instead of sitting on the mercy petition rejected it !
sir v need only you can
guru no i think he is still alive mate
or always falsely alleging h terror on jp/ross, here crimes are real, still silent ?
this reminds us of cowards who attacked parliament with mastermind fatal guru
210 millions in ... get the facts correct n still it does not make any sense
news of the attack in ottawa is extremely disturbing. i pray for everyone is safety. “
. sir call car lo peale canada, marketing key kay hie, hot rahegi !
you are right. but on local crime only state can do anything. centre can put pressure
are deliberately provoking a will come if government is not careful
still huge security presence in as police search buildings - follow our coverage :
rt still huge security presence in as police search buildings - follow our coverage :
is one of the looniest members of the already loony crowd.
mt still huge security presence in as police search buildings -
i woke up today believing ottawa was a safe place for my family . i will go to bed tonight
never let those who would attempt to sow terror, regardless their reasons win. good man !
best tweet i have read today. thanks and best of luck to everyone in ottawa.
good on you. i am glad you and yours are ok, and will continue to be.
oh sorry i thought they got them.
an just a hapless idealist leaf tweet)
so ironic that a leafs fan, sends out the most sensible, pragmatic tweet of the day
they should have played tonight. together is better.
true north strong and free . stay safe ottawa . 📕🍁📕
true strong and free. stay safe ottawa. 📕🍁📕 would stand beside you all tomorrow !
true north strong and free. stay safe ottawa. 📕🍁📕 ”
true north strong and free. stay safe ottawa. 📕🍁📕 ”
true north strong and free. stay safe ottawa. 📕🍁📕 ”
true north strong and free. stay safe ottawa. 📕🍁📕
true north strong and free. stay safe ottawa. 📕🍁📕 ” keepinyour prayers
to the folks attending saturday is nhl game in ottawa : you are belting out o canada for a whole
i still can not watch that without tearing up. surreal week here in boston.
no it has this he speaks of saturday is game clearly, not tonight is.
just tonight is game. not saturday is.
i think it is tonight game that is not saturday is
tonight is game is postponed no word on saturday is game
still gives me goosebumps just thinking about it and remembering it, never mind watching again.
that game has been postponed.
i will sing it loud and proud at the blues v caucus game tomorrow.
you are correct. thanks for clarifying. sorry for any confusion.
. i am with dominic !
i am getting visions of the game after the boston marathon. chills.
in his last three games , kobe is averaging 26 . 7 points on 42% shooting , 4 . 3
40th best player he proves u guys wrong .....
which could be similar to his regular season numbers
now just do that for 60+ games & amp ; you will prove espn wrong
his shooting percentage should go up to about 45%
those will go up when the season starts and the pressure is on.
and he only ranked 40th low
while i am happy he is producing, i would rather him produce less much efficiently.
how many wins is though ??
that looks. awesome low now if only he can get us a double digit lead with that !
ottawa police press release
police press release ”
did not the memorial just open ? “ : ottawa police press release ”
police confirm death of shooting victim rt : ottawa police press release
wow . photo from mp nina grewal showing the doors of reading room barricaded . "
that is what i was about to say. bad idea to share on the internet, people !
is it the best idea to be sharing this ? gunmen are still at large and risks remain.
the rcmp are asking anyone with pictures or videos of today is events in ottawa to submit them at the
the guy is dead do they ask for did/pics of unsolved crimes ? media circus.
the killer is should be asking for aids/pics of any other crimes/murders or potential criminals
the whole town was in terror ! not a media circus !
still trapped here , barricaded . not in my office , but elsewhere .
. in a perhaps ?
stay safe. wishing the best for all of you there !
is post hit the right note clement is not even close
this is not about you shithead
with clement it is always about clement
actually it is about him and everyone that works on the hill.
glad you are sir !
soldier confirmed dead. so sad.
stay safe sir. please.
they will feel the effects of today is events for the rest of their lives
if you are able to join us to discuss, we would appreciate any info you can provide.
shooting at the war memorial in ottawa .
baden we dear nu is “ : shooting at the war memorial in ottawa. “
please contact clad (514) 207-2173
did you shoot this ? can the canadian press use this image ? please contact us 416-507-2169
. shooting at the war memorial in ottawa ... not the best words to use in this case ...
for the give them back their passports and send them to middle east forever.
what i read no. could be shot to death ...
in every traitors are hanged by the neck until dead. do not be an idiot.
is that why you want preemptively arrest all islamist ? do you believe they are all traitors ?
arrest before they murder more canadians. change the immigration policies that let them into the country !
let us not forget we believe in the rule of law. innocent until proven guilty.
very another victim of ? need to do more
. is this a different one from the shooting at the center block ?
hello i work at a london newspaper, the independent () - can we use this image please ?
hi could we use your pictures in the independent online please ?
authorities refuse to say whether parliament hill gunman a canadian citizen , or whether he was one of 90 people
as we all should.
what does it sometimes the biggest traitors come within.
is it impossible to be both ?
ha well there is your answer then
most or all of whom are ' canadian citizens ' ?
perhaps we should eliminate the known terrorists
hate to say it but we “ politically corrected “ ourselves into this.
i suspect phrasing is innocuous and inadvertent, but of course they are not necessarily mutually exclusive.
all ottawa police stations are closed to public due to shooting at war memorial . no public services available until
the public are using tags of and.
so if someone in is having a problem they are supposed to contact whom ?
rt we are all infidels “
time to declare all those isis supporters outlawed. let the hunt begin.
chronicles re tweeted dale leon 18m
what if the public is endangered. then what ? does this make sense ???
cellphone shutdown “ evansolomonreportingcpnow2
: shooting reported at the war memorial in ottawa
no this is too close to home !
situation is fluid and ongoing . remain vigilant and aware . tip line 613-236-1222 x5493 c : ^jt
why r we still locked down in tunney is pasture
thank you amp stay safe
the scene at the war memorial in ottawa
it is time to round up the extremist traitors and intern them and their supporters.
pull together for fallen soldier “ : the scene at the war memorial in ottawa ”
praying for the their family and everyone there !!
my twitter shows shooting
the scene at the war memorial in ottawa a shame “
that photo deserves the front page !
rcmp advises if you are in downtown ottawa " to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing
my thoughts and prayer with the soldiers and family. be safe everyone !
canadian cabinet minister jason kenney says " canada will not be terrorised or intimidated " following
but necessary .... thanks anti-social imbeciles terrorizing a democracy ! wish there are all killed !
so find them and kill them,. extradite the rest.
cabinet minister jason kennedy says “ canada will not be terrorized or intimidated “ following ”
what happened this afternoon was exactly that & lt ; terrorized intimidated.
chant'n ... will not be terrorized ! trade agreement 1st priority ... public safety
urges baking jihad camp ; open humanitarian corridor for
of citizens 122 minutes massacred. please help.
the religion of peace strikes again
and soldiers have been advised to only wear uniforms if they are on active duty.
has no credibility since shamefully releasing news of soldier is death ; disgusting
republic of citizens 122 minutes massacred. please help.
simply shocked at what is unfolding in canada is capital . thinking of you , ottawa .
has just like they said, very disturbing !
you may make a good pm ......
sick feeling in my stomach.
thanks wonderful ... lock down mode all over town ...
share what you see in 140 characters or fewer.
this is a very important message to share with children today .
this is a very important message to share with children today. ”
this is a very important message to share with children today. ” thanks fred !
as long as they know who the helpers are
look for the helpers : this is a very important message to share with children today. ”
listen to our live special coverage of parliament hill shooting here
i hate that i have to sit through an ad before hearing coverage. what a disgrace.
listening and watching. hope soldier is ok.
canada showing why its regarded as such a great nation
stop with your stupidity. are not running around murdering and bombing innocent people.
thanks. nice to see an american response that is not a well-meaning, but patronizing.
the best country there is ! god bless canada
showing why its regarded as such a great nation ”
nhl reportedly monitoring situation in ottawa after shootings , could postpone sens/leafs game .
no could. it should be postponed
agree rt the must postpone this game tonight. c among !
for safety postpone no big deal live at stake
i saw postpone it to be safe
can not let them win ... game on !!!
how could the consciously go ahead with tonight is leafs-sens game ?
to those asking - yes i am ok . awful events here in ottawa .
you are correct sir. but we both know the muslims will continue to flow in the millions.
and also the other soldiers ran over by jihads in quebec, troubling times for you guys
thank god for and your safety. terrible news in deed !
stay safe sir. our thoughts and strength are behind you !!!
keep safe praying for canada !
continue helping terrorist like anywhere terrorist is a terrorist define who is terrorist clearly.
dis narcissism is not a good quality. how is the soldier ?
glad you are john
at war for 13 years, shocked that ‘ a terrorist ’ attacked its soldiers
good to hear. time to shut our borders. political correctness does not work.
can not believe such a thing to occur in canada.
be safe ottawa ! praying for everyone involved today .
your post is appreciated but i could help laugh at the post directly after yours
thank mike. we appreciate your concern.
send lots of prayer from one service member to another. stay safe.
praying for and for you !
be safe ! praying for everyone involved today. ” thank you mike !
thank you. still on lock down in this building.
be safe ! praying for everyone involved today. ”
thanks for your it is very surreal here in ottawa.
be safe ! praying for everyone involved today. ”
the governing party’s meeting . wow . : parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs , via .
from a security why would you even distribute this photo right now ?
very scary here in today
doors barricaded rt : shot from inside caucus room after shooting .
stop. posting. photos.
censorship : rcmp asks public not to post photos , videos of
. also we need to tie all this to somehow.
censorship asks public not to post photos, videos of ”
heaven forbid that the real story should get out before the rcmp had a chance to censor/whitewash it.
has not to do with censorship. it is about safety and security. loose lips sink ships.
does more to expose the horrible truth than anyone on.
they asked oh the horror ! such jackbooted thugs !
' ready to call it a “ false flag “ yet ?
why have not they just turned off all mobile comes. problem solved
if we wanted a foreigner talking about canada we would ask for
oh would you just shut up !! dumbass !!
censorship asks public ... requesting is not censoring.
ottawa is one of the world is great cities . today is events do not change this .
this happened to it is not ottawa
. nothing changes that or how proud i am to be a canadian.
hell tootsie miss you guys.
sad but we will not flinch.
they will never win. ever
yes and will only get stronger from this.
inside parliament building in ottawa as shots fired during police sweep footage shot by
good lord mt inside parliament building in ottawa as shots fired during police sweep
chilling footage inside parliament building in ottawa as shots fired during police sweep
this is very chilling. rt : inside parliament building in ottawa as shots fired during police sweep
terrifying. glad you are safe
inside parliament building in ottawa as shots fired during police sweep “ wow this is terrible
shell shocked crying for our country that this could happen here
news clip of the year. and the guy walks right down the center of the corridor !
video rt inside parliament building in as shots fired during police sweep wow
insane. rt inside parliament building in ottawa as shots fired during police sweep
cameraman is got some serious stones on him. amazing footage
i second that : terrifying. glad you are safe ”
a first for this awful tragedy. would be less likely to have happened without stephen harper
inside parliament building in ottawa as shots fired during police sweep
emergency responders escort vips out of a building near parliament hill following ottawa shooting ( photo : barcroft )
violence breeds does not it ?
hey. why not back off until you have some real info rather than your very biased speculation.
what nonsense. i will not watch any more of your garage toots.
my q was directed at who does not live in canada
that looks like general to lawson, chief of the defense staff !
how the fuck would you know what muslims in canada think/feel ?
so you know the reason this shooter did what he did ????????
conversing finds ? ... how do u arrive at your position ?
looks like general
garbage sir. all sensible leaders would do exactly what was done.
you can not blame harper he did not do this balm the terrorists ! omg
engaging photo emergency res ponders escort vips following ottawa shooting (photo : bancroft) ”
overwhelming guilty verdict in blackwater case -- murder , manslaughter , weapons -- declares 2007 nisour square shooting a criminal
outsourcing to corporate mercenaries was never a good idea.
just think the original founder promoted a need for to confront in. if even considered : criminal
amen to truth amp ; justice.
pittsburgh will play the canadian national anthem before tonights game in support of ottawa . this makes me happy .
every team should do that today
my mom is military in ottawa and says she appreciates the support
very classy of the penguins to do that !
our thoughts are with ottawa today . important to always look for the helpers .
our thoughts are with ottawa today. important to always look for the helpers. ”
important to remember thank you “ : important to always look for the helpers. ”
our thoughts are with today. important to always look for the helpers. ”
that instantly brought tears to my eyes. it is so true.
our thoughts are with today. important to always look for the helpers. ”
parliament hill is never going to be the same .
a lot of things in canada will be changing i think ...
why it seems like parliamentary security worked excellently today. we can not securities the world.
will never be the same
are we going to take terrorism more serious now or what ?
parliament hill is never going to be the same. ” same as what ?!
it must stay the same. our democracy will not be put into a bunker.
what happened did a plane crash into it ??
not that the truth. “ : parliament hill is never going to be the same. ”
hope everyone in our thoughts from across the pond.
rt parliament hill is never going to be the same. ”
breaking : president obama has been briefed on the situation in ottawa , white house official says .
is he sending precautionary ?
has been briefed !!!! that makes me feel better !!!
breaking president obama has been briefed on the situation in ottawa ”
thoughts are with ottawa today . what is happening is terrible ..
thoughts are with ottawa today. what is happening is terrible. ” 😥❤️
dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa
dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa ” heroes
dramatic photos from on the scene in ”
dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa ”
please delete this photo. for the safety of all canadian armed forces. thanks
rt dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa ”
sending all my good vibes to this solider and to those who stepped up and helped.
they dropped rushed to help. demonstrated our best instincts. good cans.
nos hero. dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa ”
wow dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa ”
dramatic photos from on the scene in ottawa ” this is heartbreaking
please out of respect remove fallen officer picture
this break my heart. hopefully he gets out of it !!
the suspect who was killed was dropped by a gun nut who trained constantly . you are welcome , pansies
they would like to say no, but that reveals their anti-liberty belief system
i am sure the professional involved will be delighted to be described as a “ gun nut “
once again you’ve shown yourself to be incapable of answering the question.
ah now we get into the childish name calling portion of the program
how did that work out in today’s situation ?
now that we’ve dispensed with that dodge, can you please answer the question.
those who is an are anti-liberty will dodge and deflect such questions.
common sense is made up of two words.
yet the pansies will still vehemently go after gun owner is 2nd amendment rights.
common sense by definition what you are preaching is uncommon.
how do you really feel ?
you are having trouble answering a simple question
that is a great litmus test those who agree with the will simply ans yes.
one gun nut killed by another ? thanks !
sounds like the conflict got resolved quite effectively.
wait a minute do you mean he did not try conflict resolution first ? /arc.
this not a matter of opinion. see the canadian charter of rights and freedoms :
having trouble with reading comprehension ? do you possess the common sense civil right of armed self defense ?
sense and sound judgment in practical matters : it is all a matter of common sense
answer the question you possess the common sense civil right of armed self defense ?
you do know where is right ?
please exercise restraint in looking for someone or some group to immediately blame for this .
i completely agree. assuming and accusing is the worst choice you can make without any info.
it is okay to be scared . we are here for you 613-238-3311
love the support for those who need it !!! fabulous !! thank you !!!!!
it is okay to be scared. we are here for you 613-238-3311 ”
ottawa police asking fb and twitter users to stop reporting police locations and movements .
people tweeting locations and such should be fined.
duh clue in folks your not helping
police asking and twitter users to stop reporting police locations and movements.
not to mention mp is and others giving interviews on the radio doing the exact same thing
police asking fm and twitter users to stop reporting police locations and movements. ” !!!
people should report fake police locations to confuse this guy
anyone does this be a complete and utter moron ... they should be charged with aiding a criminal !!!
ottawa friends — canadians are with you , coast to coast .
prayers from to the family of the fallen soldier who died doing his duty.
shot from inside caucus room after shooting .
so who could break into ?!
probably the wrong word choice there. maybe, “ photo “
parliamentarians created barricade : shot from inside caucus room after shooting ”
was thinking the exact same thing when i read it.
look at the door. : photo inside caucus room after shooting. ”
must be near. the world is
maybe call it a photo ” or “ picture ” instead of a “ shot ”
what is on the door ? i cannot see it well
that is exactly why i red it. so surreal.
shot from inside caucus room after shooting. ”
look at the door. “ : photo inside caucus room after shooting. ”
look at the door rt shot from inside caucus room after shooting.
. please note the is style barricade at the door.
rt door barricaded : shot from inside caucus room after shooting ....
look at the door. “ : photo inside caucus room after shooting. ””
door barricaded shot from inside caucus room after shooting. ”
i’m not be – i was confused, too.
oh you know what is coming ?
why did not ppm whip out their handguns & amp ; desperately shoot back ?
whoa rt shot from inside caucus room after shooting.
wow shot from inside caucus room after shooting.
ottawa . prayers up !
thanks. strong.
thanks support and prayers up in canada !
pic from conservative mp nina grewal of caucus is getting a lot of att'n on twitter . : .
is not it a bit dumb to post a pic like this while the situation is ongoing ?
spokesperson for pmo says prime minister stephen harper safe , has left parliament hill .
should have taken harper instead fucking fascist
oh good because that is all that really matters
that figures he ramps up the rhetoric and then he is protected ! heave steve !
that is all that matters. who cares.
have not been shots. do not put out false info.
not sure what is going on ?????
and the liberals and do not want to get involved with stopping these crazy people.
oh good because that is all that matters.
to the moron who thought harper should have been shot instead, most be a liberals nut
when you post a link to the story please ?
spokesperson for pro says prime minister stephen harper safe, has left parliament hill. ”
the correct descriptor is " shooter " not " radical " or " muslim " or " terrorist "
it seems group of shooters “ is actually correct. one may infer without concluding ...
a racially biased term. timothy mcveigh and andes brain were also terrorists.
shit got racist in hurry. hope you are safe and far away from at.
shooter and terrorist are suitable as he shot, and terrorized.
i hope you are too. got racist pretty much instantaneously.
thank you the haters are going crazy today. need voices of reason.
way to preemptively call for white-washing.
police warn people in ottawa to " stay away from windows & amp ; off roofs " after parliament shooting
police ask the population to leave downtown.
yet more panicking but those in authority, why is scare mongering so fashionable.
will be strong
yea cause you see a ton of people just hanging out on their roofs.
shooting wounds soldier at war memorial
terrorists. said so on cnn.
just wanted to be part of the 99. 9% of the internet.
why would you just assume this is isis
keep up rt gunman at parliament is center block has been shot and killed
i know you still better not to jump to conclusions too quickly
although it might be isis ... havana !
police warn people in ottawa after parliament shooting - follow our coverage : ”
1 shooter shot dead in parliament hill. another 2 being sought.
assume and get to conclusions about everything before knowing the facts
where there is a there is a resistance
police are asking facebook and twitter users to stop reporting police locations
wow people are really freaking stupid !!!!
free flow but tweeting about law enforcement searches is sensitive but that is me
i would only divulge if only and only would call police and not tweet location
no doubt at are so peaceful
police are asking facebook and twitter users to stop reporting police locations ” fuck off
the info he was passing on was mealtime. twitter is a sideshow compared to that
true common sense if lacking these days
rt police are asking facebook and twitter users to stop reporting police locations
like i said u had canadian senator george baker giving precise details of where/what on tv media.
it is all about info control. gov not nor media want citizens 2 have free flow of info
do not fucked post it on here offs better question why were they unarmed ?
yeah we should only allow cnn, hsbc, fox and all other “ news “ outlets do that
i feel like this should go without saying. no ?
that is so true come on people grow a brain
but not disagreeing that common sense should be used. unfortunately not much of that anymore.
ya was not impressed he was divulging information before clearing it shows lack of common sense low
searches are everywhere downtown. there is no exact locations.
c among people use your fucking heads !
the powerful war memorial mouth-to-mouth image being shared is by is wayne cuddington .
based on bags thrown to the side, these look like passersby rather than paramedics on duty.
even more remarkable is this is a private citizen giving cpr ....
yeah. .... emergency response workers are asking to respect victims and families by not posting photos.
i hope the whole of islam is proud of its religion. evil pure evil.
thats how we are as canadians, we do everything we can and never give up
so sad to see this happening in ottawa
canadian police warn people in ottawa to stay away from windows and roofs due to ongoing shooter incident -
has a 3 times higher murder rate per capital, bye noah
is would stop the government hugh
c among you know how expensive guns are in the black market !
fact the has more freedom than any country bye
why are none of the police force not wearing protective headgear ??
crazy on the loose ?
cnn commentator already blaming our " lax " immigration policies for parliament hill shooting . gimme a break .
reply to yeah i had * no * idea that canadian born canadians have never killed anyone.
. why are you watching cnn ? that is like reading the comments in a newspaper.
thanks but it took seconds for argument to devolve from citizenship to in my own home.
is not news. it is sensationalism.
this kind of statement from fox. however, cnn has become as bad as fox !
time me a break too
apparently the death of factual information also occurred today.
imagine us allowing people born in canada to remain here ...
party of one is amazing ... many of my questions answered.
not like is renowned for intelligent reporting. wolf blitzed is one example of dumb.
does ever * get their facts right ?
probably has less of an immigration problem than us.
saw was a crock
facts we do not need no stinking facts.
we really should be asking newborns for their papers in the delivery room
watch coverage of the ottawa shootings put american cable news to shame . my summary : via
as a relocated this is why i still insist on getting my news through.
of course i love watching news when i am there - their media seeks inform their populace -
does not have same pressure as u.s. is many private news stations.
consciousness deserts a skilled act.
to be cable news sets a reeeallyy low bar.
. though feel proud of canadian is reporting rather than that of us outlets
too bad the conservatives are dismantling cbc
most of board are conservative contributors. and this happened
you are judging against the entire u.s. cable network field ? one org errors, who field blamed
as you should be. it is quite good
it is certainly not the first time.
texted a friend who works on parliament hill , & amp ; got the perfect response [ redacted for obvs
kick ass attitude. praying for you guys.
love it that is the spirit
our thoughts are with all those affected by today’s events in ottawa .
our thoughts are with all those affected by today’s events in ottawa. ”
ya because lord knows they are not on baseball
that was good looking out boys
time and grow up.
sending love & amp ; support to my hometown ottawa canada . pls everyone be safe , thinking of u
and i send my love and support, too
i miss you on is
thank you .... this is so scary !!
if you see me notice my friend please !!!! she is french
thinking of everyone there as i live & amp ; hour away from ottawa
miss u on is anatomy xx do u miss them ?
i voting for i miss her so much and miss u 💞
aw i hope they are okay & lt
the sad poignant irony of a soldier felled at the foot of the cenotaph . it is to weep .
tom are those soldiers actually armed ?
and we will join you.
reminds me of mother statue at limy she is crying !
wear the tartan and support nathan carillon - spread the word !
is a story about a global pandemic, mandatory vaccines, 1st grade at freedom elementary
remembrance day ceremonies would naturally be considered a high target. watch for policy changes and increased military commitments
surreal photos out of ottawa : this is a vip being escorted on sparks street
both should be able to look after themselves then
mt surreal photos out of
oh please ... this is ridiculous ...
looks like the being escorted out.
i guess it’s safe to say who this vip is now that he’s in safety ?
... that is !!!!
rt surreal photos out of ottawa : this is a vip being escorted on sparks street “
surreal photos out of ottawa : this is a vip being escorted ”
i am pretty sure the police have asked that we not tweet images of police positions and mobilization.
stop posting police locations it makes it harder for them to do their jobs properly
the man in the blue jacket appears to be chief of defense staff, gen lawson
surreal photos out of ottawa : this is a vip being escorted on sparks street ” cd
it is hard to believe this is happening in my quiet, polite hometown.
canada what the fuck you suppose to be nice people
pay the .... both are canadian by birth ...
harper is dropping bombs. do not like it. now they have a reason for warrrrrrrrr !!
we are. who says these assholes were canadian though
you come put terrorists in camel clutch and protect canada
voice of reason canada what the fuck you supposed to be nice people ”
we are. couple of bad apples. we will make them humble.
cause that was every canadian who participated in that shooting. ignorant iranian ass hat.
you come here and fuck up people
brown was. high on drugs when attacked officer read
we are nice. until someone is not nice to us. then we fuck them up !
ill bet a that the shooters ar not canadian
congrats on your tweet !
how about the passport that list his birthplace as canada
i am pretty sure they are ... unfortunately.
put the harper in camel clutch !
security bulletin from parliament hill :
if your door does not lock ? oh please let is fix that
true north stong and free rip to the solider shot in the ottawa shooting
have some respect you fucking prick
agree ... go fuck yourself twice
you need to learn some respect.
i second that go suck a big fat elephant dick
you are an idiot grow up and learn some respect !
can i get a go fuck yourself for this douche ?
go fuck fucking prick.
nice dirt stash you fucking grocery stick. someone clearly lacks respect
you look like a tic tax with hair
city hall is currently in lock-down . please avoid the area .
city hall is currently in lock-down. please avoid the area. ”
city hall is currently in lock-down. please avoid the area
keep advice from the breaking news consumers ' handbook in mind as coverage of ottawa continues
an addendum to number 8.
beware of everything that and cnn says .....
should point your colleague d hodges at this art over-reliance on the guardian.
oh my god. that is amazing.
i almost re tweeted but then remembered the rules ... sneaky !
local radio stations are already discussing the possibility of islamist terrorism
great advise on how to deal with information during a crisis. be mindful when rt as well.
beware of reflexive re tweeting. some of this is on you.
pittsburgh penguins announce they will play the canadian national anthem before tonight is game against philadelphia .
as an applaud you for this.
penguins announce they will play the canadian national anthem before tonight is game vs philadelphia. ”
love this thank you !
police asking you not tweet abt , retweet , or otherwise report police locations & amp ; activity in .
exactly. it is that type of stupidity that could get officers killed.
in just gave a live action description of officers moving away from parliament ...
oh dear. first res ponders need to be kept as safe as possible.
it is the same idiocy that happened during the monitor shootings. incredibly dangerous.
but media continues to do it ?
justin bieber playing hockey .. nice move but he could not even keep his balance while shooting ...
and to top it all off. 😖
respect for whichever team that is for letting girls play on their team
he thinks he can stand a chance against the west hartford u-18 wolves
the hash tags make me want to off myself
my heart goes out to the goalie and the kid who got dangled by justin beer
did you see his ankle bend it was unbeleivable😂
looks like i am not wearing anymore.
we sure that is beer ? i mean he was not even wearing a heat jersey !
too bad he is playing house league
and to top it all off. 😖 ” this guy is cclowning' ffuckingbbailsman
video : on what we currently know about the
this is a great view for those not familiar with the canadian parliament area. rt
is the how lucky are we to have him all these years
is so lucky to have bilderberger as chief talking head for !
images from the scene of the deadly shooting in ottawa .
rt images from the scene of the deadly shooting in.
stop recruiting mentally ill young men with your bullshit.
u will sorry we do not slander.
show me what you got : cool & amp ; cold blood : : ottawa images of deadly shooting
parliament hill and ottawa’s two shootings that left soldier & amp ; gunman dead,
images from the scene of the deadly shooting in ottawa. ”
fuck that does not exist you believer of fairy tales ...
are you ready for in your work area ? neighborhood ?
the guy was shot in the back, it has cowardly islamist attack written all over it !!!
amber. its good to see soldiers of disbelief die ...
we take soldiers back home, n stop bombing people. heeh.
images from the scene of the deadly shooting in ottawa. ”
just in : us embassy in ottawa on lockdown following shooting incidents at and near canadian parliament -
way to blatantly news.
good. keep our people safe !
if you have pictures or video of the suspect , email them
rt if you have pictures or video of the suspect, email them
yeah now wants civilians to do their job.
rt if you have pictures or video of the suspect, email them
see something say something mt “ : pictures or video ? email them ”
rt if you have pictures or video of the suspect, email them
watching peter mansbridge on cbc . canadian journalism is calm , factual , not fear-mongering . the way it should
. that is one of the privileges of having a taxpayer-funded, independent national broadcaster.
thinking about everyone in ottawa right now . please be careful and stay safe until the situation is under control
you have a heart of gold !
people really do shit do not they ? way too much wrong happening in the world.
scary world we live in.
hey what is up man ?
do not have any problem love it from japan(*^^*)
[ episode ] ' war of hormone ' mv & amp ; concept photo shooting ( with eng sub .
sub oh thank you so much !
we love you
stay away from the downtown area while the operation continues .
all together now this has nothing to do with islam ......... “
actually i was damn busy in house shifting so could not tune in news channel
the queen murder pedophiles children in canada must hang the goddamn queen
been sleeping under a rock today ?
stay away from the downtown area while the operation continues. “
rt stay away from the downtown area while the operation continues.
that is an assumption on your part. may involve radicalized islamist/. jihadists.
those of us who live in the downtown area ? stay home, i guess ?
rt stay away from the downtown area while the operation continues. ”
the queen buried children alive mohawk children dead 50,000 missing dead hang the goddamn queen !
i work on and business is still open. should i still go to work ?
you said it is an operation. is it a false flag operation ?
is it a false flag operation ? not satire, it is a legitimate question.
stay away from the downtown area while the operation continues. ”
so it is still ongoing ?
a soldier died in a shooting event.
remembrance day ceremony in ottawa is emotional every year . can not imagine what it will be like this year
so true i go every year. three soldiers wounded/dead on home soil this week.
i am gonna be wearing my remembrance poppy a little earlier this year
sadly ... it may be canceled.
good i am almost crying just thinking about it ....
and prayers for all of our canadian cousins, tootsie.
if they will not be all there, the entire team will be locked in on tv
that is not a good thing
watching the images from my hometown - and the tragic news - is heartbreaking.
who the hell shoots the soldier, standing guard at the tomb of the unknown soldier ?
it most certainly will between those in and on television !
and we all should be too.
photos of the scene unfolding after multiple shootings in ottawa this morning .
stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting !
makes me definitely rethink wanting to bring a child into this world
photos of the scene in ottawa this morning. “ why is brad there ?
more photos from the scene !
birth is beautiful do not let this discourage u .... much love.
look at all the chairs in front of the doors. amazed they do not have locks.
rt stunning photo inside caucus room during shooting ”
photos of the scene unfolding after multiple shootings in ottawa this morning. ”
are bitch nights. im sure one of their pussy asses did this shit
photos of the scene unfolding after multiple shootings in ottawa this morning. ”
when encores go wrong “
do not you know anything about the purpose of this shooting ?
hide yo hide yo husband, cause the americans have arrived to canada kappa
so bad ... where is going our world ... violence all place of our world ...
please stay inside and stay safe if you are in the downtown core right now we are here for anyone
please stay inside and stay safe if you are in the downtown core right now
sorry you do not understand that is a knock at america and our issues with gun control . no one
and especially for mass if shooters had to re-load between rounds of 10-fewer victims hit/killed.
its so we have a 4+ casualty shooting every single day here. proof :
you are aware that not “ anyone “ can walk in and buy correct ?
yes. she has curious what extra restrictions you would propose for 2a ?
agreed. classic clueless lib response. refuses to assign responsibility to individual.
anyway good healthy debate. g'nice.
it is a good thing the sergeant at arms had a gun in an anti gun environment.
it is not likely because of background checks. it is polly stolen. i own 4.
banning guns will not do anything to solve crime. look at chicago, illinois.
personal responsibility is important. gun dealers & amp ; manufacturers are not exempt.
yes cause giving all thy power to someone else will not have them abuse it.
what changes would you make to current laws ?
exactly so why do lies have such a missy fit over guns !
and you do understand not only criminals use guns irresponsibly ... correct ???
guns do not kill people. . . . people kill people !
why would someone post something like this ?? why ??
and people have the right to call her out on it. also protected free speech
wine replenishes brain right ?
it depends on how it is legislated.
that is why they could not defend themselves.
that was complicated. i am surprised it is not perceived as anti-bieber.
and your point is to further restrict the ... good luck with all that. adios.
to add background limit bought at shows & amp ; n magazines.
it is our job to regulate who gets gun with commonsense gun legislation reform
also do we know the guns were acquired illegally in today is case ?
comparing it 2 an individual who feels like they are on a mission from god to kill nonbelievers
that tweet is the exact reason i asked that question
mental health checks but stopped that one ! guns do not kill people-people kill people
they are a big deal.
depends on how it is legislated etc. it is very effective in australia
almost willing to bet my life savings he bought the gun in america.
she has the right 2 compare a terrorist act 2 an everyday shooting
give me statistics a source !
reports indicate shooter had levered action rifle. slow to reload, so thankfully, not many
sop blowing this out of proportion. do something worthwhile. instead of having weak arguments on twitter.
i know stupidity blows my mind daily when reading comments ! like it hurst my brain
and for you get a follow
everything is legislated. it is not that hard to understand that many factors are involved.
you are we should just keep selling them at walmart to anyone.
that is because bad guys get illegal weapons. law abiding people are sittings ducks without a gun.
at least 2 shot , 1 fatally , in hospital shooting , reports say
what is wrong with people ? the world is crazy. sure glad i like staying home.
you lot need tighter gun controls !
our fans have picked the highest rated web accessories of 2014 -- sgt ;
at least 2 shot, 1 fatally, in hospital shooting, reports say ”
i do not like this !! 😰
is not this another liberal city ??
john fault broke the story an hour ago.
chalk another one for the nra.
updated : list of reporters , witnesses , citizens , police and military tweeting from downtown .
amp stay strong !
i have been tweeting from hotel lobby in lock down
i applaud for not speculating and only reporting what is known . american media could use some of this restraint
no doubt. i followed along via - they did a very sharp job without bluster or hysteria.
and i applaud u for that recognition i fully agree w u ! thx for that ...
it is been a rough day. cbc has done a hell of a job today.
especially since media is helping the 2 spread their 💩 message !
is afraid of their skin they only report press releases now
cops are running with guns drawn , they are clearing streets in downtown ottawa , and there are snipers on
police are asking for cooperation not to tweet plans or sniper locations. pass it forwards.
also video from inside the hill.
make no sudden movements ...
the canadian anthem will be performed at flyers-penguins tonight in support of ottawa :
no he is doing the mexican anthem low
the anthem will be performed at flyers-penguins tonight. how about those gun laws now ?
only when a team play. never when 2 u.s. teams play. pure class. thank-you
would be nice to see something like that at the baseball game.
try to miss the point more.
waiting to see yours first chicken hawk.
2001 we strike what we want. when were you in the middle east former marine ...
i thought the same thing. alway used to hear both, but that was che
are the majority of the players on those teams from yemen ?
beautiful gesture i will be watching.
did i say or sporting event ? reading comprehension. try it.
is not it always performed at hockey games ?
last time i checked did not harbor known terrorists.
being has nothing to do with skin color
but what the hell does the country of yemen have to do with the nhl ...? nothing.
oh rt the canadian anthem will be performed at flyers-penguins tonight in support of ottawa :
beat the amp beat it loud & amp ; proud.
downtown . this man says he is marching for .
... and ... whoever they are they can never waiver the canadian spirit from any true canadian !
such a sad story. your in our thoughts and prayers ecg
that is beautiful i would join him if i lived in xe !
downtown. this man says he is marching for. ”
some sort of live terror shooting seems to be going on in canada . pray for our polite neighbors to
they do not fuck around in canada.
thanks folks. glad to say our fraternity brothers working downtown are fine
second military slaying this week. sad days 😞
thank you for sending prayers up here. we have an attack on our parliament happening right now
chairs piled against the door . this is surreal . rt " : shot from inside caucus room after shooting
i am afraid this is no dream, this is reality and a result of weak terrorism policy.
our thoughts are with all those affected by today is events in ottawa .
thoughts prayers work. enough said.
thank you friends 😘🍁🇺🇸 i loielove jersey
when you kill because your ideology calls you to do so , you r a terrorist . no euphemism can
thank heaven for the that took him out
data for a new brad. go for it !
not true. says these are workplace mass murderers.
maybe our northern allies will do more to help protect their and our homelands
parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs , via .
parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs, via. ”
that is an right there.
parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs, via. ” barricade the doors !
and next week they will install a bar.
i do not even see george clinton in that picture ?
wow parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs, via. ”
rt parliament caucus room barricaded with chairs, via.
coverage of the ottawa shooting , in one very revealing screenshot
because our hysteria was not embarrassing enough mt “ : ”
what time were both headlines published at ?
worthwhile coverage coverage of the ottawa shooting, in one screenshot ”
my heard the thankfully ok
you guys know that has public news, too. right ?
rt coverage of the otottawahooting ,,, one very revealing screenshot
coverage of the ottawa shooting, in one very revealing screenshot
shooter was a a christian, max ? you are truly a large fool.
makes a really good point.
scared coverage of the ottawa shooting, in one very revealing screenshot ”
exactly the reason why i stopped reading anything from cnn
rt coverage of the ottawa shooting, in one very revealing screenshot
just hearing the news , thoughts today are back home with the citizens and dedicated public servants in ottawa and
my heart goes out to those people .... be safe
saw that my condolences.
is helping. because our prime minister is in hiding.
our city is under the merriest attack
i have been avoiding the news but i saw that this morning and i am shocked.
i wish everything going be ok
are you referring to the soldier that was shot guarding the memorial ? sad news.
please follow me i love you so much ! ♥♥♥
just saw it on the news.
could i possibly get a follow from you ? you are an inspiration to me
in case the world is wondering , this is more what we are used to seeing on parliament hill .
all of you are in my prayers
if this is more what we are used to seeing on parliament hill. ”
one more thing harper will fuck up ... no doubt
had we more of we could prevent attacks ......
rt in case the world is wondering this is what we are used to seeing on parliament hill
yes this is our ottawa.
... and let is hope we can continue the practice.
need to be sure that we when all this is over.
all ottawa police building remain in lockdown and closed to the public .
are any bridges to gateau open ?
to all our friends in comes and officers on the field & gt ; stay safe !
best wishes to you all from the uk. hope everyone goes end of tour safely.
please stay we really appreciate what you are all doing today.
all police building remain in lock down and closed to the public. ”
the moment of silence in anaheim also meant to honor all those affected by the tragedy in ottawa today
false flag attack. do not be stupid.
exactly ... i feel bad for them
we in show support for our nation before every game during the national anthem
so will be only place not to play canadian anthem tonight ... shame
especially since they have a lot of canadian players.
my gosh , horrible events in ottawa . thoughts and prayers . why ? why ? why ?
what else did you want a hockey writer to do exactly ?
idiots are everywhere. hope he pulls through.
the answer is clear ...
because we just sent jets out yesterday to fight isis
because thoughts and prayers will fix everything ....
why will be answered soon. i suspect we all know why though.
good point good point ! good point !
sad but true.
i looked it up
parliament declared war on on oct 7th ?
has become a serious threat and needs to be dealt with
parliament shooting a very active situation still at the moment . they are searching the building , presumably for a
i believe one of the shooters has been detained/deceased
thanks for tweeting the awful news. very sad to hear that our beautiful country is being targeted.
mt parliament shooting a very active situation still at the moment.
parliament shooting active situation still at the moment searching the building, presumably4 suspect(s)
so they did not get the guy ?
what of the library shooting ? anymore information there ? awful situation
do u think is targeting canada ?
hoping everyone in ottawa is safe ...
hoping everyone in ottawa is safe ... ”
we are we are strong !
any word on what happened ??
thankfully he did not live long enough to experience our wonderful & amp ; humane justice system.
am just 2 blocks from parliament hill, but am safe in my cubicle !
this just does not happen in canada ..... awful.
i have been watching it on the bbc. it is fucking crazy 😞
it was probably playing with his stupid gun
be friends
thoughts and prayers with everybody in ottawa . stay safe .
thanks we need it !
thoughts and prayers with everybody in ottawa. stay safe. ”
thoughts and prayers with everybody in ottawa. stay safe. ”
thoughts and prayers with everybody in ottawa. stay safe. ” so sad
thoughts and prayers with everybody in ottawa. stay safe. ”
thoughts and prayers with everybody in ottawa. stay safe. ”
great shout out and show of sense of community outside of to
absolutely keep up the great work bro !!!
shout out to knowing i from the u.s
thanks means a lot to us here in the nation is capital !
thinking of our friends in ottawa this morning . please be safe .
class acts maybe should say something instead of talking about evelyn checks
sorry to hear that. thanks for the info.
a shooting on parliament hill this morning.
you guys are awesome
what is happening in ?
prayers out to ottawa ... 🙏
such a travesty .... heart breaks for all those injured or worse. missed
thank you it is a. sad day here in canada.
thanks you for your prayers. fans & amp ; all canadians appreciate your thoughts.
thank you class act through and through
thanks for not forgetting about us !
thanks we appreciate your thoughts
still a class act tx,
thank we will need them in the days to come.
classy shout out. tragic unfortunately. thoughts for those affected
always classy. all the best from
thank you you are an honorable young man
thinking of layton is words : " love is better than anger . hope is better than fear . optimism
follow that war money you will find happiness right behind the dead bodies
still a great dream. we need to live it into reality.
rcmp saying stay away from windows if you are in downtown ottawa
saying stay away from windows if you are in downtown ottawa ”
canadian police , backed by armoured vehicles , have surrounded parliament building in ottawa
there is always where a shooting is just normal ? 😂
might not be a good shout 😩
backed by armored vehicles, have surrounded parliament building
seems no bad again 😂
police are asking facebook and twitter users to stop reporting police locations
please stop live transition !
yet again , sadly , evidence of just how brave our forces & amp ; police folks are . what
they will just doing their job.
and are asking the public to stay away from the downtown ottawa area . ongoing investigation .
god speed and salute for your brave efforts “
rt and are asking the public to stay away from the downtown ottawa area. ongoing investigation.
praying for safety of police officers and others there.
press giving details of where prime minister is going today .... why makes now since ??
according to is 2014-15 gm survey , kobe is the 3rd best shooting guard .
prob more reasonable than the espn result.
3rd best who the hell are those 2 ?
seems legit for the 40th best player in the nba. maybe even a bit high.
but tells me he is the 40th best player
thats not bad for the 40 th best player ssh
lets go by stats not surveys
much better can live with that better than 40th
is he going to tell them to f off too
harden only possible one ahead of him
in photos : scenes from canada is dark day
the photo of the barricaded door inside the house is chilling.
and we better not hear about carillon is family paying anything for funeral
in photos scenes from canada is dark day
in photos scenes from canada is dark day ” this makes me upset
who was the photo who covered this scene in ottawa ?
98 photos copyright luzon
dark day how many innocent lives were taken ?
in photos scenes from canada is dark day via
there is already a flurry of muslim hate tweets from canada with what little details we know of ottawa .
we can not know until the truth is out “ who is a hypocrite ?
i love fake statistics way to go !
looks pretty to me. do as i say.
is a religion of 1. 5 billion people. stop associating terrorism with an entire religion.
timothy the government ? the kkk ? the bush administration ?
sorry but twitter is not better than that
every city in black children ...
but let is end the name calling.
the truth will not make anyone a hypocrite. right or wrong. mentality is a casualty here
much more than attacks ???
easy to say when you have not been affected.
in north ?? aurora, sandy hook, washington navy, monitor. since 2012
that is not a terrorist. lol
this is a flagrantly absurd statement.
you are obviously very small minded. and need to go get some education.
at least i am not pretending to be pc
i know many. how old are u low
from what i recall they were mostly middle class christians
cheers.
imposing will on civilians and taking away their rights that are even written in laws is not terrorism ?
well tell those masters to put your muzzle back on
no low i was speaking on the generalized hate of an entire group of people.
or have a law read to you, and then have your civil liberties violated by a cop
white children as well.
i have 2 masters. next.
not terrorists. nice try.
her remark was hypocritical. yeah the solitary mentality of an individual not a group.
i do not hate just extremists.
please take your and ignorant ass somewhere else.
it is easier to simply pin terrorism on one group of people, ignorant cunt.
a few rare exceptions will not change the stats.
you just hold prejudicial views on religious groups, you are smashing.
it is true. there are more islamist attacks of terror than the other examples you site
we can not know until the truth is out. ppl always make assumptions.
that is not terrorism. ugh.
the lesson here ... do not break the law
do you even know what the word hypocrite means ? think before you speak ignorance please.
much more than islamist attacks ??? ” we have had so many in canada ...
actually is a designated terrorist group.
intense new audio of , people scrambling , " where do we go ? "
suffer from some weird though that they are english first and then north americans later
should cease all trade + sharing/selling of techs with middle eastern/ islamic countries (except israel) !
big deal dog got him. oh & amp ; way to change the subject, einstein.
looks like they needed to have more ' active shooter ' drills ...
too much liberalism has ruined a country. time has come for the civilized world to realize this.
it happened in ... hello ?
i smell a security drill.
the jihads are trying to terrorist the entire world while they themselves are insecure in their own lands
but the world does not need police low
there was another so called fence jumper today at the whitehorse ..... hello ?
should cease all trade + sharing/selling of technologies with middle eastern countries (except israel) !!
my thoughts go to those impacted by today is senseless attacks in ottawa .
my thoughts go to those impacted by today is senseless attacks in ottawa.
so very sad. and scary !
my thoughts go to those impacted by today is senseless attacks in ottawa. ” seconded.
senseless and condolences to the ones lost.
i want to commend the courage and bravery of the first responders on the ground in ottawa right now
as well ... thoughts go out to the injured soldier
my own opinion but not sure how you can proceed with nhl game tonight in ottawa .
i agree with but not tonight. not on the same day.
that is what is most important.
people will need tonight more than ever.
well i am praying for everyone safety.
apparently the visiting team is in lock down in their downtown hotel right now ...
i have tickets for the game and i agree
if they catch him or find him then it can go on ?
good thing they play in canada
isn’t that precisely what terrorists lust ? disruption of our normality towards their perverted vision.
no. no game tonight. only correct decision.
can not if still manhunt.
leafs under lock down during tragedy in ottawa . our thoughts are with those on the scene
who cares about with the in. it is irrelevant. the is news the are not.
leafs under lock down during tragedy in ottawa. our thoughts are with those on the scene
a soldier was shut up about the leafs. for one second. please.
can this news not be about the leafs. sportsnet is painful on that regard.
: canadian embassy in washington , d.c. is locked down as precaution .
all of in the downtown core was on lock down ... stop reporting sensationalized news
people like fauna bring shame on our nation
the embassy is not in lock down. they have locked the door for precautions says official.
48 hours of 6 images and 2 topics yes cnn
scumbags payback and karma is a bitch
embassy in washington, d.c. is locked down. ”
who are behind this why they are doing this ?
what does this mean for the states ?
. is safe and has left parliament hill .
what is happening this is freaking crazy !!!
pm spokesperson is safe and has left parliament hill. ”
this is the between someone intelligent and someone stupid.
our fearless leader “ is running like a scared rabbit ?
rt is safe and has left parliament hill. ”
update rt is safe and has left parliament hill.
thats unfortunate. harper is a cunt.
so everyone can see what anonymous idiocy looks like : “ : for good i hope. ”
no offense but this is how we find our how our leader is re the status of
so we are not allowed laugh anymore ?
from harper is director of comes rt :. is safe and has left parliament hill.
seriously i am no fan but this is not the time.
active gunman at parliament :. is safe and has left parliament hill. ”
actually he is a more closet fascist.
rt is safe and has left parliament hill.
you may have misunderstood. not suggesting mph would emerge a leader.
. marry me ? ♥♥♥
lucky for clowns like the internet does not require an iq test
blame this on numb nuts' harper. he is well protected but not public. idiot
odds are better on him coming out of closet.
the fuck is wrong with you ? go to hell
as at sun views put it : “ from a crisis emerges a leader “.
and the 5 twists who is a favorite his comment
the violence of has left a city on edge . after the chaos , here is what we know :
so in your mind after the boston bombings, canada and mexico should have sealed our borders ?
get the best rated accessories here !!! check them out here --- sgt ;
is the most dangers ' element for the modern society.
this has nothing to do with you. go away.
nothing new. and same stories. jihadis brutally kill 4resisting rape
. boy those love their guns and god.
why are we still distinguishing between those who attack us and those who harbor them
per the violence of has left a city on edge. here is what we know :
hey speak for yourself !
my heart goes out to the people in ottawa whom had lost love ones during this horrific attack
um no. we are not “ on edge “ thank you very much.
my country ... the !
time to nuke mecca and madinathese losers must be x-terimanated
what do you think who is responsible ?
canada is coverage of the ottawa shootings put american cable news to shame
is coverage of the ottawa shootings put american cable news to shame
here here calm is important to maintaining rights. .
respectful amp accurate reporting.
is coverage of the ottawa shootings put american cable news to shame ” well done cbs
is coverage of the ottawa shootings put american cable news to shame ” thoughts are with
i am certainly proud of canada is amazing reserve when it counts. no sensationalism no bravado only business
as if our cable news networks can feel shame
useless me making wrong comparison “ canada coverage of ottawa shooting put american cable news to shame
. it is almost like one is state-run and one is for profit.
some of the noises being made sound all too familiar i hope that nothing rash is done.
rt is coverage of the ottawa shootings put american cable news to shame
let is hope that can politicians do not react as their us counterparts have done in similar situations
is right ?
. tells us what we know right now on the
tells us what we know right now on mm reporting. looking 4 indy reports
maybe he could stop giving airtime to that idiot kennedy, who should never have tweeted what he did
any confirmed reason for the power blackout covering most of the west end ?
and more than one suspect ...
detailed time line rt tells us what we know right now on the
thank you very much for this detailed update.
friends in are reporting power outages across the city-what is that about
turns not very fucking much.
us embassy in ottawa on lockdown due to shooting at parliament hill
they be never open they own half of the city
terrible we must be very careful now must close or secure our boards along canada
is this true does you decide what is broadcast ?
and democrats like you continue to deny that terrorism is here.
us embassy in ottawa on lock down due to shooting at parliament hill ”
and in the shopping center a street away. many gunmen.
canada is prime minister stephen harper safe & amp ; has left parliament hill , which is under lockdown after
is prime minister stephen harper safe & amp ; has left parliament hill, brave man
we are all on lock down mode downtown ottawa.
dammit ... the worst news i heard all morning. he is safe.
will ye no come back again ? “ hopefully not.
but where are nuclear and mr. trudeau
oh no not in canada !
never mind everyone he is safe. ffs !!
maybe just ducking out w peter mckay to don some more appropriate clothing in a military fatigues design
tell me the police took care of him/her with an empty magazine in return fire !!!
trouble in how is that working out for you ?
when your girl comes to watch you ball , you start shooting crazy 3s .
your girls came to reno. you member ?
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s. ”
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s. ”
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s. ” 😂
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s. ”
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s.
those we are all makes too hahn
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s. ”
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s.
when your girl comes to watch you ball, you start shooting crazy 3s. ”
did not have a girl during basketball
that bitch was deeper than that nh
' we could smell that gun powder ' : mps , eyewitnesses describe ottawa shooting scene
i concur have not seen any mention of the public that were helping !
has anyone noticed the 2 women trying to help save that soldier is life ?
stop showing being done on solider. shameful
is not canada is 9/11 . let the damn officials figure out what is going on before the american media
news. who else
i saw media already barking at the isis tree. no shooter even arrested yet ...
fear mongering is all that us media really does.
you may want to look it up. it is so twisted.
i am did you fucking fail to notice that i was calling them idiots ?
agreed. in times like we need to act rationally not radically.
how dumb do you have to be to take it seriously ? literally no sane american does that.
you just failed to acknowledge that they are not real news and thus wasted your time.
the fact that you took fox “ news “ seriously 😂😂 wow just wow
until i see a i do not believe it.
live blog | for tweets from reporters covering the shootings in ottawa , click
my twitter shows shooting
we are not going to allow those thugs to control our lives
thank u for the ongoing balanced coverage.
tweets from reporters covering the shootings in ottawa, click “
i am sharing this with you . please feel free to post it on your status to show ur support
good luck to you guys over there. stand proud against this evil. regards from england uk
and on too.
my thoughts are with you guys in canada.
citynews airing 4 newscasts dedicated to . 5-7pm , 8-9pm & amp ; 11pm et watch live :
wow even the weather is terrifying ....
that is a pretty intense picture !
giant floating silver letters fringe is coming back !? wait, no. wrong font.
. you are not fucking cnn or fox. there is no need for shit like this.
that is intensely offensive. extremely bad taste.
you would think bay was the news director ...
that is going slightly over the top
i can not even mt : city news airing 4 newscasts dedicated to. live :
that graphic and is so fox and cnn issue it is disgusting. for real. enough.
oh please with the graphic. who are you, cnn ?
. terror in ” ? yeah, that’s not completely over the top, is it ?
it is so do not hold your breath.
the picture tells you shit got real. rt : city news airing 4 newscasts dedicated to.
what a joke. hope for real.
news so crazy oh wait rt : airing 4 newscasts dedicated to live
though i mean who approved that ?
i love that every reply is taking a steaming dump on the hyperbole.
terror in ... as media hijack isolated incident to scaremonger & amp ; distract from ongoing injustice everywhere
really you are starting to kinda look like fox news. jus saying.
do not be like this please.
what on earth is that graphic ? what are you fox news now ?
why canada is great rt : message from toronto police to imams and mosques in wake of :
i think our police manpower can be better used elsewhere.
from as to be expected given the large muslim pop in greater to.
if you are on parliament hill , please do not tweet your location or that/activities of police for your/their safety
incident me punching a guy at a bar is an incident. this is an attack.
what the hell really brave - shoot an unarmed war memorial guard !! douchebags !!!
ottawa police tactical officers are here and very kindly pointed their guns at every reporter , ordering hands in the
what a smug twit this guy is.
save the sarcasm and report the facts.
we disagree. alas ... is the internet.
taking no chances. but necessary.
every chance they get to fuck with the media. they do.
kill them god will know his own.
he is dead anyway. does not matter now.
are you actually complaining and attempting to be wry when a soldier has been shot ?
only twits are ones who will try to pretend this is not terrorism ! wake up !
a reporter is not anything more than a civilian with a microphone. stop playing the job.
probably because they do not know who you are. get some perspective.
nothing wrong with that when there is a shooter on the loose pal
i disagree. do whatever it takes to find the shooter.
is it okay for police to kill the shooter ?
what the fuck do you expect ?
canadian police say " caught us by surprise "
great quote ... sigh : canadian police say “ caught us by surprise “ ”
' surprise ' the shows police need a report dept2 brief persons at emerging threats
police say “ caught us by surprise “ ”
probably a drill.
surprise my butt is warned of this over a month ago.
damn right. butt.
pathetic press conference. the art of saying nothing.
police say caught us by surprise “ via
they are obviously under the duress of tracking someone if they say so little.
the world is just going crazy
so sad. rt police say “ caught us by surprise “
should they send u a notice first
caught sleeping on duty knowing these jihads pigs attacked recently.
the level of surprise “ is going to be a major discussion in the days ahead.
see police say “ caught us by surprise “
sounds like and the cdc.
photos of the scene are unfolding after reports of multiple shootings :
photos of the scene are unfolding after reports of multiple shootings : ”
that is what you say. guns are of the devil. end of conversation.
guns are the work of the devil. gun owners are devil worshipers.
guns are the work of satan. satanist and gun owners are the same thing.
there will be no 401 for me
i have. god bless and good day.
really i had not heard any of that
it is strange cos has always been peaceful.
someone is randomly sniper shooting cars on the major highway !!!
obvious troll is obvious ... moving along.
so just happening now i am at work in belleville right now
. . really a necessary journey ?
photos of the scene are unfolding after reports of multiple shootings : ”
. . . definitely not !
neither did i until my daughter called from peter borough about 10 mind ago
photos of the scene are unfolding after reports of multiple shootings : ”
last sane n country loses it. rt : the scene is unfolding after reports of multiple ...
so retarded low.
you sound like a broken robot.
i am still taking another route in a little
... so me having a hunting rifle and a shotgun for hunting makes me evil ?
guns are the work of the devil, and gun owners devil worshipers.
right a lot of people just totally floored by all of this, myself included.
i just hope it is resolved quickly with little casualties
follow our live coverage of the shootings in ottawa here :
follow our live coverage of the shootings in ottawa here : ”
thank goodness game postponed ton ite
a sad day in our history.
whoops sorry . ottawa *
i do not accept your apology
we saw mistake we saw it.
on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you love your fans ???
it is always sad to hear these things. why can not we just live in peace ?
i am confused what is happened
what happened please inform me ?
advises if you are in downtown ottawa to stay away from windows and off roofs due to ongoing police incident
salute to ' at arms, all rcmp & amp ; exceptional professionalism during crisis.
scary what is happening to this world.
in ghettos across the world there has been countless shootings today. but no one cares ...
congrats on your tweet !
clearly is under attack.
fuck him soldiers die fuck him and fuck cops fuck him
advises if you are in downtown away fr windows & amp ; off roofs due2 ongoing police incident
best of luck amp ; stay safe
ottawa police , twitter users urging those on the scene to stop tweeting police officer locations .
the police are mostly positioned in and around parliament hill today
the thoughts and prayers of are with right now , and with the families of those affected by these attacks
. this was an attack on freedom and democracy. all canadians are affected. now go away !
grow up. there are more important things to worry about. stop being a child.
news just go after and you lose media go drink again to back in news
my thoughts and prayers are with you as you go through your difficult time.
bet are happy not having a feces-throwing monkey and his brother at the helm now.
my thoughts and prayers are also with you. fight the good fight. hang in there rob.
sobered up enough to correct your first tweet ?
i know right i thought the same thing.
a soldier was killed today, and you are trolling the internet about toronto politics ?
of is most populous and future attack-prone city than i have today. 2/2
get the facts before you tweet, stupid
more important things than having a competent and pulled-together political leader ?
well said rob hope you are doing well.
there is a time and a place.
was that really necessary rob is a good man who made a mistake
u think the fire a few weeks back was related
i always say ottawa is the best place to be from and very safe . nothing changes that today .
safer than our capital that is for sure.
god bless all that protect and serve.
agreed video from inside parliament :
well said. i loved it when i lived there.
canadian forces bases across country being closed to public in wake of shooting of soldier at war memorial .
very rude to make assumptions about that.
what have we heard about the shooter(s) ? besides that one is dead ?
our thoughts are with you. god bless. stay safe and kick ass !!!
where is this information from ?
it is certainly looking like it. another attack
my condolences to all except the shooters. fuck them.
it is what i am seeing via twitter as well as what is being reported on cbc
hoping safety precautions are being taken in to around & amp ; wonder if ottawa events connected.
due to shooting at parliament hill in earlier , we are currently on lockdown . we will update once further
please stay safe and alert with all love + respect🍁😔🙏 ❤️
we live in the era of spaces, regions and the world has become a small village
hey yeah my appointment was at 7:45 and they let me in without any problems.
they should but you can double-check your appointment info via the contact numbers provided at.
stay safe everyone safety and courage to all protectors and first res ponders !
thanks. good luck with the interview !
just got phone call saying they are open back !!!
please pass our thoughts and prayers along to our canadian friends.
is it true bomb disposal are on scene ?
translation we need time to doctor the area to fit the narrative we are trying to push.
just went to they are closed.
we want justice freedom equality and education for all in accordance with the unified global strategy
i am sure would first negotiate with isis
glad they have marines to secure the embassy.
just in : white house official : pres . obama has been briefed on shooting incidents in canadian capital -
he saw it on the news- another jihad attack
so he turned on the tv and watched the news ?
white house official : pres. obama has been briefed on shooting incidents in canadian capital -
no doubt the terrorists are islamic
. . . but was not he playing basketball today ? his fun should not be disturbed.
before this happens in the usa up the terror alert !!! save lives
can we get a photo of him being briefed ? (unlike benghazi)
during or after his round of golf ?
why is not he is briefed on the shootings going on in chicago ?
very sad that someone died in ottawa . who has to die in a country to mobilize it for war
the majority are fed the line of security threats, and a strange takes over
should then continue to play the role of “ not getting “ involved while being involved.
watch vice news on the is ... it sickened me
personally in calling on this one. shit worked for bush why not harper.
may react to the death
make a record about this tech !
has been involved with the war the last 12 years …
he was shot while standing as honorary guard at our fallen soldier monument. that is beyond disgusting.
stay strong canada .
stay strong against barbarism and terror
stay strong ” we are with you 100%
photos from the parliament shooting scene
photos from the parliament shooting scene via
photos from the parliament shooting scene ”
photos from the parliament shooting scene ”
c among get him !
we are one . we are strong .
as a you have to apologize. it is the law.
we stand with !
hang in there. we lower canadians tend not forget the kindness of friends.
i am nit but amen !!
we are one. we are strong. ”
i admire the way canadians are responding to the . keeping the focus on the victims rather than the perpetrators
preserving the dead rather than helping the survivors ?
probably one of the many differences between canadian and us-mentality. no offense
indeed. i am speechless.
that has not stopped from speculating on the shooters. their coverage is shameful !
none taken. that is precisely what stood out to me
you honor victims by punishing perpetrators. something that the weak never learn.
not to overwhelm with my canadian cynicism, but it could be because the perpetrators are unknown.
there is a lot to admire about canadians.
am very sad to hear of today is events.
congrats on your tweet !
i would caution that it may be because we do not know who it was
u.s. jury finds four former blackwater guards guilty on nearly every count related to 2007 baghdad shooting .
the ' liberators ' at their work ...
to all in ottawa , stay safe & amp ; strong . thank god for sgt at arms kevin vickers
you sound like an idiot maybe that is why you are sleeping in your car.
yes you rights with 4 master in art i am stupid to land in canada working as labors
where is and the war measures act when we need them ?
your babbling makes no sense enjoy your crappy job in the greatest country in the world.
tell and to uphold and defend human rights !
. still have that gun lobby t-shirt ? asking for a friend.
peter glad you are ok.
we will not run we are canadian we defend freedom
he is rich he is ok
i am homeless as photographer he pay for ... he should pay me $500 to take 100 nice photos
updated : the ottawa attack heightened fears of canada being a target for terrorists
fear mongering us newspapers are an issue. to scare a nation or two is criminal
yes that is incorrect. could not see the subhead on my smart phone.
i am an but there is some truth in what you are saying.
i will take on a would be terrorist !
if attacks by radicalized “ individuals, ottawa shooting heightens nato member risk. story in pics :
updated the attack heightened fears of canada being a target for terrorists
news agencies can not report adam. else their dreams of socialism nirvana would be crushed !
sad thing is used to get angry.
. whose fears stop that talk right away.
she is is the youngest female billionaire - and a dropout & gt ; & gt ;
should get angry at us news agencies. canadian news reports are reporting facts not fear
get scared. get angry.
breaking : injury reported after shooting at canada’s war memorial , near country’s parliament , police say .
breaking injury reported after shooting at canada’s war memorial, near country’s parliament.
( sigh ) what a horrible day . someone had to lose a life at a place where we honour
i know i still can not fathom that it happened even though i have been watching all day
this means so much. such a scary feeling and just wondering what will happen next.
sad day for for sure. so very sad.
we are all brothers and sisters ! thoughts, prayers, and strength !
such a tragedy. may he ❤️
the soldier was only 24. still a baby
yep and knowing it is only 10-15 mind from where i leave and work i was scared shirtless today
so not something that happens here
it is hard to believe that it happened here
thank you honey such a tragedy and its scary ! ♥♥♥
4 our friends up north .
sending love and prays to you all jody from the uk xxx
so hard to believe it happened here in canada !
4 our friends up north .”
so very i was in disbelief watching the coverage. sending prayers
i agree truly sadden by this !
it has not been an easy week for us. xo
the soldier shot and killed in ottawa was cpl nathan carillon 24 years old
thank you it has been a very sad day here
caucus room barricaded after shooting .
there are two doors but they go out to the same hall where the shooting was happening
good for the for carrying on with the business of the nation behind fear and barricaded doors.
caucus room barricaded after shooting. ”
caucus room barricaded after shooting. ” parliament hill, ottawa, this morning. whoa.
oh caucus room barricaded after shooting. ”
thank you harper for getting us involved in this american folly.
incredible. caucus room barricaded after shooting. ”
looks like the scene from a movie.
bad but no problems where i am. scary stuff.
caucus room barricaded after shooting. ” yikes !!! stay safe ottawa ... and
rt caucus room barricaded after shooting.
why are not those maps under the desks ?
its like a scene from a movie
there is fear and uncertainty about what has happened in , but democracy will not be silenced . stay safe
i am sure ma ... some will be happy to hear that.
he blocked me ... i do not read that shit ... still unfair statement but carry on.
that ' s why neither trudeau nor nuclear can be found !
do not think that was a fair statement about the pm
hearing your words via actually made me feel better !!
they with harper. ; -þ
it will not ....
our legislative houses must remain open ... these are the homes of all canadians.
here here my sentiments exactly. sympathies to all. i hope it is not agent provocateur stuff either
better when congrats her mosley pals fr pakistan other mtv ~ with mosley brotherhood map balkisoon
it is not the right time for politics
apparently and nuclear have been found under desks but they are safe
. harper has silenced democracy himself anyway. but still, i hope people are safe.
stay safe at queen is park
they were leaders
'' has already been by push.
democracy has no tools to win a war with terrorism, radical measures are required to win this war
my twitter shows shooting
we are at war. once you are in you “ re in “ jean chretien
glad congrats her pakistani friends on killing millions hindus, with mosley brotherhood map balkisoon ?
canada prime minister stephen harper safe , has left parliament hill : tv quoting pm is office
warms my heart that he is ok
if you are thinking " i should tweet about how the situation in ottawa conveniently benefits my party " :
is anyone actually saying such things ?
a few claiming progressives wrongly underestimated threat of violence against canada.
sad. hard for some people to turn it off i guess. thanks.
this also applies to papers & amp ; media outlets trying to bolster their narratives w/ this tragedy.
using it to sell a book
wishing everyone in and all over canada the best in the wake of today is shootings . i will have
the best in providence ??? fforthe comic con ?
what happened in i did not hear about this ?
class act saw you in edmonton. great show !
thank see you friday !
thanks very thoughtful.
theres some of us that you could hug much harder.
yes he is the one and only and as jim ross would say
can not wait to see your show in ottawa on friday. life long fan
looking forward to seeing you on friday.
and thank you for the thoughts ' mick it means allot
i am not but i definitely could use a hug !
this resident foley fan appreciates the gesture.
ottawa youth : if you need to talk : 24/7 crisis line 613-260-2360 or 1-877-377-7775 ( toll free for eastern
nice thought of you. i am just a couple of (km) from there !
live : ongoing - coverage of active shooting incident near canadian parliament :
very that area is very open, usually lots of people around too
i am so surprised that this is happening in canada.
my is mapping tweets from ottawa shooting area
makes u protect people in ottawa be safe
you are journalistic royalty. keep at it.
me too scary sad world we live in
i hope they stay safe. on cbc reporter is standing right near where soldier was shot
thank for the information and interview !
live coverage of active shooting near canadian parliament : ”
the last place i would be in ottawa right now is outside and about.
reports of several shooters although one has been killed. those folks including reporters need to take cover.
media advisory - update on the current operation with respect to the shootings in the ottawa downtown core
stop trying to censor the people. do you have something to hide during this obvious ?
media advisory update on the current operation on the shootings in the ottawa downtown core
will this be broadcast live on live stream ?
video : key moments in today is parliament hill shootings .
rt video key moments in today is parliament hill shootings.
video key moments in today is parliament hill shootings. ”
a photo tribute to the attack on ottawa & amp ; the fallen soldier via
video key moments in today is parliament hill shootings. ” sad and scary
it was not an assault rifle or semi automatic, get your shit right you thick skilled idiots !
new : u.s. embassy in ottawa is on lockdown due to shooting near canadian parliament -
i thought there was no such thing as gun violence in canada.
praying for safety for all.
hopefully it is locked down in baghdad even tighter
more than a half-dozen witnesses have provided testimony that supports officer is account of michael brown shooting
no they did not. forensics cannot prove intent. forensics can only place someone at a scene.
let us know when you report their testimonies.
well well. all this media surrounding the shooting was just bs after forensic report
stay updated and read the article
two words define the credibility of sharp notion ' : tswana bradley.
he did not act they way minutes before. he assaulted an elderly minority man.
actually a lot of people commit violent acts while high, not everyone is a peaceful pot head.
really post are you serious, you do not report the news you report bullshit !
hello gunpowder on his hand ? pathologist already stated the logic. nothing but wannabe thug
you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about.
forensic findings found he attack officer.
so other black people who protesting will not beat or steal from them
no i followed your point i was asking the doubter to think
of course when comes to black people complaining and whining, science is not enough evidence
now if he had attacked some doritos, ok, but nobody wants to fight while high
ask why would they be afraid to say publicly what they saw ?
what is there to update ? foresinc studies proved attacked the police officer.
prime minister stephen harper is safe and has left parliament hill , spokesman says -
prime minister harper is safe and has left parliament hill, spokesman says - ”
you are always the breaker of bad news ...
last 3 gms : 27 pts 5reb 4ast 26 pts 4reb 5ast 27 pts 4reb 2ast but he is not
yeah man i just can not wait. i will let his game do the talking.
he is the shooting guard ! just ask the players who have to defend him.
that why i drafted him son
for real man it is been real dumb hahn he is proving them wrong though
our thoughts are with our friends in ottawa . stay safe everyone .
thank you jets we appreciate your love and support through this very difficult time 🍁🍁
breaking : four blackwater guards convicted of voluntary manslaughter in 2007 baghdad shooting
only damn 4 more like 400 who had been murdering people
is mercenary killers with contracts with us army and other corporations worldwide
breaking four backwater guards convicted of voluntary manslaughter in 2007 baghdad shooting ” justice
helpful for people watching and covering the events in ottawa today ( via ) . be safe everyone .
good advice for any breaking “ news
. excellent thank you. you are in our prayers
our thoughts are with our nation is capital right now . praying for those affected by today is tragic events
green. now is not the time to be pushing your religious agenda. you are pathetic.
this is not the time for that crap. grow up.
: unconfirmed reports contact has been made to a sydney radio station .
if it is it is not breaking news !
who would that the shock jocks who think they are terrorist experts, 2gb ??
believe hamlet will do anything for ratings
if its unconfirmed do not report it. it is not news yet !
gunfire at sydney cafe where hostages held ; report says at least 1 person shot ; more hostages flee
now they are saying 1 down
sees guy. the world going nuts ” sh tell me about
i am no dice here, i believe in christ is redeeming forgiveness.
fuck you are several hours behind with this “ breaking “ news.
rt gunfire at where hostages held ; report says at least1person shot ; more hostages flee
if only had something they could devote 15000 hours 2 again, like mh3-70, or michael jackson
guy. the world going nuts
let is hope the one person shot is the isis terrorist and no police or hostages hurt.
they are usually too busy trying to socially engineer society
praying for the people in sydney. please be safe.
say the hostages amp ; police are safe ...
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
corp media like has to get approval from above before reporting ... punks !
pray with me for those being held hostage right now in sydney .. and for the police and those responsible
i pray in ' name for non-violent solution
my prayers go with yours on the other side of the world
we are with you in wales. praying for your city
praying across the pond for the spirit is peace to fall upon sydney
of cowards- & gt ; hostages forced display islamic flag , women used asshields
then i gave up reading it and used the heavy-duty office shredder to mulch it.
problem arises following question, examine, reconcile it w/ peers beliefs.
wow so cool hail satan
... flash two shots center of mass. problem solved. come on.
one religion of nonsense gets bashed more than the other.
please use that logic as if people really fully represent the religion they claim to be a part of
gotta run. would love to talk to you more.
alright well have fun running and thanks for your time
dogma is the greatest form of ignorance.
. he is using women as shields ?!?!? muslims never do that ! lt ; arc off sgt ;
... by saying the opposite of what jesus says. they are not both bad.
' women used as shields '. sound familiar ? hint : haas.
gotta be. or all pretty scary.
... cover his inadequacies before a perfect god.
let is scissor and take a guess ! he is terrorist, duh
that last one jews & amp ; christians ...
not all are but all terrorist are muslim !
and democracy cannot coexist.
is a religion for slaves and fools, islam and communism are identical.
i demand mosques to be burned to the ground.
... and one for spiteful allah, the book would be striped. loving/hateful/loving/spiteful ...
us evacuated consulate in sydney after . emergency warning to u.s. citizens urging them to " maintain high level of
what sorry i missed this !! #
so scary. hoping situation is resolved very soon & amp ; as peacefully as possible.
with their destructive foreign i would think every day would require vigilance.
just curious does ' evacuate ' mean leave country or city/area ? do you know ?
the country would be for us that is.
good thing made sure this will never happen here.
hoping for a safe and speedy resolution. praying no one is hurt but that seems unlikely considering.
makes sense. did you read the cia report ? surprised it hs taken this long
just in : two gunmen , dozen hostages inside cafe in sydney , australia . isis flags remain on display
breaking hostages under up remain pressed against windows in sydney, australia cafe. -
12 not an flag.
praying for the hostages. god please let this outcome be peaceful
just in airspace in the sydney city has been shut down. -
update 20 people believed inside the linda cafe in martin place, sydney, australia. -
major landmarks in sydney evacuated as police respond to hostage situation at café in city is martin place -
sky has better coverage as it linking to its australian counterparts
saying now it another arabic group, but they could be kinked
the u ... trying to read more info on it
quite alarming situation building here
fearful of what they saying is true and the isis is involved
that is crazy if it is them ...
that is not good. i just saw that it was 1 armed man and 20 hostages
that what they u would think the be more than one invoked
it is. i just hope everything is ok in the end
maybe they can only see one gunman but they keep reiterating than it a lone wolf
hostage situation by ...... who ? it is ok. you can say it.
airspace above is closed too. some isis related terrorist group.
mt major landmarks in evacuated due to hostage situation at cafe in city is martin place
but they have strict gun laws. how can this happen ?
that is what i was thinking ...
you must be an amazing father i am sure. so nice
they said on that they will post more info as it comes in. waiting game
breaking news : sydney siege gunman down .
hopefully a double tap between his eyes. or maybe his balls and knees
why would you say no ?
breaking news sydney siege gunman down. ” finally.
it is good talking to a fellow conservative. you use logic and conviction. not the
finally victory for !
hopefully he is dead. hope all the hostages are alive.
breaking news sydney siege gunman down. ”
terrifying photo of hostages in martin place in sydney , being held by men waving an isis flag
excellent well played !
i poor people. it is a linda chocolate cafe
probably best you do not run around identifying anyone juuuust yet
she thinks it is just a bad dream .... please god let them free and unharmed
just what do they want ????
yet again in taking these criminals have taken islam hostage.
what is this happening now ??
just saw how terrifying.
pray they get out safely !
oh dear god hope they get out ok 🙏🙏
terrifying photo of hostages in martin place in sydney, being held by men waving an isis flag via
i go that girl is the sweetest tlingit is heartbreaking
i do not know. confirmed isis idiocy related.
me too the flags they are not is) are making me more concerned about the outcome
update : australian pm abbott : police dealing with " reported hostage-taking incident " in sydney is business district -
kindly call your army and navy seals ... these are deadly islamic terrorists who blow themselves.
the religion of peace strikes again. hey australia, how those anti gun laws working out ?
airspace closed , sydney opera house evacuated as hostage drama unfolds . -style flag seen .
opera house evacuated as hostage drama unfolds. -style flag seen. ”
hope the only fatalities would be the hostage takers
and a couple of shrinks while we are at it. nothing a good talk will not cure.
where is truth and his parkas
is airspace is not closed. incorrect reports.
airspace opera house evacuated as hostage drama unfolds. -style flag seen. ”
that should help. religion is the cause of all this shit
rt airspace opera house evacuated as hostage drama unfolds. -style flag seen.
check your sources reports airspace not closed. possibly tar over cd.
airspace opera house evacuated as hostage drama unfolds. -style flag seen. ”
here is everything we know so far about the . dozens of hostages are being held .
grow up camp read some books ?
look it up.
or ... it is all the west fault so it is ok for us to be attacked ?
however media has no doubt twisted which one that actually is.
i think peace initiatives rather than weapons shipments might be a start. kerry finally met with lazaro.
i think as kicking up sand everywhere we go, not long term productive.
that piece makes no sense at all.
that is called it is what grown ups do
sometimes one nation wants one thing one wants another, it is life it is not a conspiracy
for what nobody hurt ?
there are 20-30 innocent people being held up at gunpoint. potentially disastrous.
have some fucking empathy you disgrace
i have to go to work now, it is what big boys do to earn money
again. your time spent on research is astonishing.
what the fuck is five eye nations, another moronic conspiracy theory ? go watch alex jones
agreed. openly available info. no conspiracy. just politics.
so maybe take it easy the demo knee jerk reactions
there are several very strong hints this event is a two staged false flag stunt --
be safe.
but the showed me this. funny, it is not in any books ? go figure
how do you feel now. two innocent lives gone !
and still not in any book though.
from your tweets i am guessing 14-15 yrs ? but you look older in the photo ?
1 guy with a gun. whole city shut down. * yawn *
just the frosting advert with fucktard on it and the juvenile photo of a middle finger
gunman is headband reads , " we are your soldiers o muhammad " .
more r killed by muslim countries.
could be a red herring !
problem is the 6 billion muslims that are silent at these acts.
its a religion of peace. we do not write jesus on bombs ...
who decided to attack in iraq and afghanistan ??? qui some le vent, remote la compete
these people are but a tiny minority but sadly contaminate world opinion
gunman is headband reads, “ we are your soldiers o muhammad “. ”
and what agenda would that be. certainly not pro-israel. lol.
clearly what i would read was wrong
. just appeared on tv to explain the gunman is so not islamic ... i am relieved
these nut bags still allowed threatening to kill muslims and brown people.
would not approve of their action or the action of all those killing in the name of islam
your logic we can attack muslims as we want. drone them kill them and torture them 1/2
who kills in name of allah ! who uses human shields. no tolerance for radical islam.
the west needs to wake up to radical islam. and quit picking on israel building some houses.
gunman is headband reads, “ we are your soldiers o muhammad “ ”
well you do not want to read too much into that.
australian police say responding to ' incident ' at sydney opera house
not at opera house. no incident there. get your reports correct
police responding to ' incident ' at
i do not think this is what is happening
police say responding to ' incident ' at sydney opera house ()
breaking : several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard .
blessings amp greetings check out the latest radio show anytime ! or rt ty
new sounds of explosions and possible gunfire at the cafe !
the only bang should have been sniper rifle !
breaking several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard. ”
wow. rt breaking several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard.
several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard. via
rt breaking several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard.
. cut the commercials you have news to report !
breaking several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard. via
rt breaking several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard.
breaking several more hostages flee from sydney cafe after loud bang is heard. ”
is it a bang or a gun shot ?
more from sydney : opera house evacuated ; siege continuing ; local media reports 13 hostages
swat team there looks so sci-fi low
definitely adding that tweet to my site.
the religion of peace. acting peaceful again.
opera house evacuated ; siege continuing ; local media reports 13 hostages ”
not much to the but i know better. keep me honest, sub.
breaking : gunman in says he has " devices all over the city , " demands to speak with prime
just heard re pm demands in the last 2 mind. no device claims reported.
they actually just said something ab this on bbc
. last thing needed is inaccurate sensationalist reporting to further heighten tensions.
no such threats or demands made by the gunmen according to local media ?
both reporting these threats. unconfirmed but, yes, reports.
flags please inform others “ = meaning islamic jihads to act now.
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages –
2 hostages in sydney café confirm to gunman is demands 1 ) he wants isis flag delivered 2 ) he
hi jack ... how are you ?
that made me stop a sec !!!
but we still do not know his intentions, right ?
i am could be better
. an commando squad would be happy to deliver his flag to him.
sydney opera house has been completely evacuated and sydney airspace closed .
opera house completely evacuated in wake of [via]
opera house has been completely evacuated and sydney airspace closed. ”
airspace not closed see report the facts, when you know they are fact, stop sensationalizing
has been completely evacuated and sydney airspace closed. via today suffers like
at airspace was not closed. i landed from album at that time.
rt opera house has been completely evacuated and sydney airspace closed.
basically : there are 1-2 men holding 13 ppl hostage in a café in sydney and has made some of
oh my. i am praying for them🙏🙏❤️
holy shit that is so scary
oh wow that is ........ wow
i am at home and i live in sydney i did not even know
please these people do not represent islam
wait so are the people islamic extremists or are they just people who are holding up the flag
i hope the people do not get hurt
what the hell i would an islamic flag it is a religion not a fucking country ??? 😤😤
total number of people who have left the cafe in sydney up to 5 . the latest :
just a little disconcerting that the media would be in the crossfire if bullets fly.
pray for the hostages and their safe release. terrorists do not win.
news drama series make fun to people.
how many people were there ?
they should now know that terrorism is a global thing.
the most secular people in the world are terrorists ... because !!!
breaking : two new hostages , both woman , run to safety from sydney cafe , australia television network reports
great you guys should hire her because whoever is tweeting from nbc lacks grammatical discipline.
both you have to say
interesting journalism ethics situation here. to tweet/report or not tweet/report hostage escape ?
both woman you mean women ???
in fairness to all australian networks are also tweeting and reporting on this situation !
sir active situation. putting other hostages lives in jeopardy is just wrong.
and i am now officially done with , which is price gouging during au hostage crisis . what sad sorry
i saw that one too. so disgusting.
i live near and i support the city is efforts to hold user to municipal laws.
what city quit for required internship, not nearly as justifiable as gd
you drove a right ? like a real cab ? licensed etc ?
nick come visit in boston !
whats the big deal isnt this one of the rules of acquisition ?
but i can.
i will not even charge tolls.
the rape was not enough for you ? well gee ; thanks for the
parents are still talking ... reaching 500,000,000 gonna write another book ?
that is nice. millions of other folks do not give a crap.
sydney cafe siege : two gunmen and up to a dozen hostages inside the cafe under siege in martin place
situation awful. please do not make it worse with irresponsible speculation. not an isis flag.
they have now requested one ! haha
those poor people will be terrified out of their minds, praying 🙏
indeed. used to pick post restate from gpo when backpacking.
hey hey do not use fighting words or i will drop kick you k 😂
cowards. hope new and fed police can bring this to safe conclusion
it is not an flag, man ! smhhh
sending my i am speechless
flag low ... on a serious note
hope all hostages come out safe 💖
it has been confirmed it is not an isis flag
stretchers taken from sydney cafe after police storm building ; fate of hostage-taker unknown - ,
hello ...... hope people will be interested in my comment
stretchers taken from sydney cafe after police storm building ; fate of hostage-taker unknown ”
hope only one gurney needed not for any of the innocents.
stretchers taken from after police storm it ; fate of hostage-taker unknown |
consulate reportedly evacuated amid hostage situation
evacuating because of these pigs ?
sure amp would classify the as & amp ; not
it is show for occupy syria by us army under the pretext of isis
hands up do not shoot terrorist
of course is running from the, he does not want 2 interfere with the plans of his.
bro just wanted chocolate lao.
the us will be behind it ! 😆 derror!
still any publicity ...
do not want another ! o does not want to keep looking like a failure again.
why does the united states always run away when is friends are attacked ? sidney hotel siege.
i would rather be shot or beheaded in preference to holding up that abomination of a flag.
so you want bush clones back ?
islamic terrorist attack in sydney . hostages holding up a black flag with the islamic creed on it .
these terrorists are not they are inhuman being !!
oh but terrorizing has nothing to do with religion. nothing at all.
hope beats the shit out of these islamic jihads !
breaking news : up to 50 people being held hostage in sydney . 7news
that but only 13 ppm what about these other ones
old news you have more timely info ?
breaking news up to 50 people being held hostage in sydney. 7news ”
did they say there was a black flag with arab writing ? isis supporter ? or soldier ?
breaking news up to 50 people being held hostage in sydney. 7news ” 😕
they do not have a clue. 13 to 50 is a big difference
old news you have more timely info ? ” twitter search
breaking news up to 50 people being held hostage in sydney. 7news ” wt ?
from to and now 50. what is with the changes ?
i should you are not the first to recommend it.
scary scenes in sydney right now . thoughts go out to everyone involved . hopefully the hostage situation can be
hostage situation in a with people at gunpoint
i go to school near the city
so thoughtful via thanks !
you are like the only youtube i follow on twitter that has spoke up about the situation 👊
thank god i live in melbourne
lets hope they are new crew are not making the situation any better.
people are saying are keeping them hostage is it true
call up ya cousins and tell them to chill in that cafe
what the fuck is wrong with you ?
oh ... thanks for the information
thank you for being the first international youtube to say this ! praying for all of those there.
i do not think that is the right thing to do in these situations
crazy stuff and to think i am just over an hour away from it
the stuff that happens here in australia you saw what is happening ?
a bomb detection robot has entered the café .
a bomb detection robot has entered the cafe. ”
you are coverage today has been phenomenal ! keep it up !
rt a bomb detection robot has entered the cafe.
3 people have come running out of the lindt cafe building , including a man who looked like a cafe
definitely a worker that is the linda uniform
if i understand hillary clinton & amp ; sen feinstein correctly , 1st step for current sydney hostage situation is
that is good. not actually funny, but you are so right about their stupidity.
make em some coco and have a nice chat ... is a fucking cunt ...
2nd step tell the hostage takers exactly what they wont do to stop them
step 2 remind everyone just because the tangos are isis this is not islamic.
wait i thought was to blame on any youtube video
sit down for a chocolate ot two.
and team are still talking about what they may recommend australia police do about terrorists @ hostages
wrong ... ignore it and eventually it will go away.
bring in encounter group force “ to dialog on root causes.
this political climate has got to really piss you off🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
and certainly do not use a gun to defend yourself.
: police believe the man behind the sydney siege is iraninan cleric man haron monis
i not believe the words of new police.
just a typical battler by the sounds of it
put a bullet in his head
who cares how it is spelled ?? filth is filth.
who gives a fuck hope he chops off every cracker head in that mutha-phucka !!!! holla
could not you even try to spell it rights ?
and who is he when he is at home ? ... hmm, maybe that is his issue.
. time to send this iranian cleric back from where he came a body bag would do just fine
only thing crackers respect. is violence !!!!! dick head !!!!! holla
police believe the man behind the sydney siege is iranian cleric man aaron monks ”
no miss perfect he was a murderer and had no right
he had no i would agree entirely. your wording was vulgar.
police believe the man behind the sydney siege is iranian cleric man aaron monks ”
and again media asked not to name him
you are absolutely i am just a grammar grump this time of night
fucks wrong with you cunt ?
police surrounding cafe in central sydney after reports of hostages being taken
nope safe at work g ! not far from here though !! 😳
police surrounding in central sydney after reports of hostages being taken ” rubber dingy rapids
' flag is the flag on display.
police surrounding in central sydney after reports of hostages being taken ”
police surrounding in central sydney after reports of hostages being taken ” 😱
any one read script ? what is on the flag ?!?
just some scourers nicking hubcaps !! do not panic
i am joking sugar tits x
thank you g and you ! 🎅🎄❄️ xxx
gonna nick this cause i will get bare its
was the food really that bad ????
sounds like the are involved
police surrounding in central sydney after reports of hostages being taken ” rt
police aware that hostages are posting gunman is demands on social media .
i am not are you ?
what else could they do ? 😩
via police aware that hostages are posting gunman is demands on social media. ”
police aware that hostages are posting gunman is demands on social media. ”
update : hostages fleeing cafe held by iranian gunman as explosions , gunshots are heard :
looks like it is over.
any update on pa shooting ?
i hope the customers get free chocolate for life because of this spineless thugs actions.
hopefully they turned him into swiss cheese.
does not seem like it. but people are resilient & amp ; again will get through this.
let is go send that dude to
hostages fleeing held by iranian gunman as explosions, gunshots are heard : ”
hostages are posting the requests of the gunman on social media . has asked the media not to publish those
my issue is police having control over what is broadcast, this is a dangerous precedent ! shame
and for a very good reason ! really disturbing actually ...
but it is necessary in emergencies like this.
let me the filthy muzzle terrorist wants 72 virgin goats to fuck or else ?
unfortunately has not stopped the straits times
true but i guess it is such an unknown you do not know what is best
if anyone has links and stuff please do not share or post
censorship is not the answer people have a right to know !!
i think the intention is to protect the hostages
why are we so worried about offending these people they do not care about us.
well they are contacting media not social media there is a big difference
not if it harms the hostages
update : five hostages escape as a gunman continues siege in sydney cafe
is it escaped or released ? appreciate some clarity on that.
update five hostages escape as a gunman continues siege in sydney cafe ”
i had some helpful wonderful policemen ... that helped me when the car broke-downgood to know
bastard cops. how dare they help her.
update five hostages escape as a gunman continues siege in sydney cafe ” epidemic
how scary. update : five hostages escape as a gunman continues siege in sydney cafe ”
confirmed : three hostages , 2 customers , 1 worker , have been released from cafe .
stop the violence by amp ; against youth, police & amp ; all others !
with the now in its tenth hour , police say they are in contact with the gunman .
shoot him and interrogate him.
i am thinking same as simon
with the now in its tenth hour ” spotted
martin place , sydney opera house & amp ; state library evacuated due to follow our blog
and expect more of this now that zero has given the green light.
i would not be standing around in a crowd in sydney right now.
martin opera house & amp ; state library evacuated due to ”
seriously people follow directions and evacuate the area. that include dumb ass spectators. give the authorities room
this person has a message but what to do this kind of act !
mt martin opera house & amp ; state library evacuated due to
this is my opinion he wants to convey a msg
see they using a hostage to get that message to the media and bypassing the police ?
no idea. not a listener.
hostages held in sydney cafe , forced to hold islamic flag in window :
this is the result of financing these criminals that use the religion to achieve political aims
this is the result of religious fundamentalism. period.
hostages held in sydney cafe, forced to hold islamic flag in window : ”
how clever. the tolerance of a conceded idiot. is this spelled correctly : fuck you.
and as a good spell check may be the only thing you operate.
uh oh. rt hostages held in sydney cafe, forced to hold islamic flag in window :
i would wipe my ass with that flag
the name of the application is twitter.
. thank goodness it was not a user flag. that would have elicited worldwide outrage.
hostages held in sydney cafe, forced to hold islamic flag in window : ”
hostages held in forced to hold islamic flag in window : via
hostages held in sydney cafe, forced to hold islamic flag in window : ”
only after emptying my clip on these m_____r f_____s.
breaking alert : preliminary reports indicate perpetrators appear to be members of .
just read some news report so not spreading rumors. grow up nick.
i have been pointing this out btw
not an flag. just an islamic one. stop spreading false rumors.
what if it is lone wolf ? immediately giving credit without fact checking favors them.
because the guardian says different.
flag supposedly put in window.
on a black flag is a general jihad flag that al ada/al nasa etc. use.
breaking alert preliminary reports indicate perpetrators appear to be members of. ” wonderful.
sure. but to link to isis is factually inaccurate and irresponsible.
the is not a “ group. “ basic goggling skills help. misinfo does not.
a number of people appear to have just fled the scene of the . lots of screaming .
i really hope so i am so glad you and the others are safe.
thanks bob. best of health to you mate.
i think they got the cunt !
are you okay i can not sleep because i have been so worried !!!!
glad you are alright bob. thanks for the updates. best wishes to you !!
v breaking 6 hostage escapes from ()
just watched what happened so glad you and other hostages are okay !!
police are using live ammo ! paramedics have entered
7 just got out alive !
hostage involved in texts " i am ok " to his mother
i think this guy is younger brother of kasey
makes me sad. hostage involved in texts “ i am ok “ to his mother ”
watch the backlash get in australia now. fights will break out
if one of those hostages had a gun this would not be news !
excuse us. is totally different from terrorism. do not spread wrong mst here
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
hostage involved in texts “ i am ok “ to his mother ”
now siege four armed men enter apartment in ghent, police respond to hostage crisis situation
the post needs a hole in his forehead asap !
let me make it clear fuck you, your religion and your fucked country.
frankly r u against terrorism or against other religion ?
turn on watch the news people are dying u fuck wit. fuck off u waste of space
shut up. u terrorists. because if your religion people are dying everyday around the world.
admit it though is causing numerous problems
u angry gonna go kill more innocent people you oil prick.
people acting like they are victims
: reports that some of the hostages have escaped . live ch 601
stop the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
. need to get some ifs help/advice in dealing with these guys. maybe hannibal solution
i am tired of this. why are most terrorists muslims ?
stop the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
she says she is but i am still really worried about her
cause they are a load of wankers
i can not tell if you are trolling or just an ignorant fool ...
do not bring anymore refugees here ! we can not live like this !
maybe be an obvious question but why are police positions being televised live ?
i am watching the news & amp ; my skin is literally crawling
thank you and fuck too !
i really hope she is talk to me if you need x
escaped do not you mean freed ?
that is horrible i hope she is okay, i can not imagine how you feel rn😣
one shot between the eyes
man haron monis id would as gunman holding captives in . details :
really another slime ?
. with ties to isis “. took long enough to get that out.
why the background dark but its light in his glasses.
another bearded piece of shit.
gee is not he quick someone calls the terrorist needs some empathy
why did not they snipe him ? they had clear shots
thought they were safe. apparently any nation that backs us interests in middle east are not !
pretty sure if some post tried this in my town he would deal with armed citizens.
man monks id would as gunman holding captives in. ” pink mist !
give this son of a goat bumper a one way ticket to his 72 virgin goats.
man monks id would as gunman holding captives in. details : ”
police seem relaxed , suggesting all hostages are out and gunman no longer a threat
. hopefully neutralized !
hopefully the terrorist got a bullet to his hand.
2 more people have fled from sydney cafe where hostages are being held .
i made this 4 you b/c i love you listen !!!
fucking all you can do is to kill people and fuck goats !
i made this 4 you b/c i love you listen !!!
let is hope for the best outcome !
hope they kill the hostage taker. get rid of the plague
i made this 4 you b/c i love you listen !!!
2 more people have fled from sydney cafe where hostages are being held. ”
2 more people have fled from sydney cafe where hostages are being held. ”
i made this 4 you b/c i love you listen !!!
i made this 4 you b/c i love you listen !!!
powerful series of images of one of the hostages escaping
heartbroken and so happy for her (and her family and friends) all at once.
cannot fathom. powerful series of images of one of the hostages escaping ”
powerful what the fuck is powerful about it ? shock jock.
via powerful series of images of one of the hostages escaping “
that is so upsetting.
she is running into the arms of the police ?
congrats on your tweet !
these photos are so raw & amp ; incredibly emotional. sending prayers to those being held. 😭
they should not be show the hostages faces
powerful series of images of one of the hostages escaping ” 😔
thank god she is alive. now let is all for the rest. thank you god !!!
the poor darling. all of them. just awful.
update : reports a gunman is requesting to speak to australian leaders on live radio , as specialist officers work
i thought so too like that matters when people are still being held hostage, seriously !
update - five hostages have escaped from the lindt cafe in sydney and an unconfirmed number of hostages remain inside
listening from prayers for hostages. let sharp shooters kill those.
prime minister tony abbott is statement on the . updates :
prime minister tony abbott is statement on the. updates : ”
prime ministers should not have to comment on everything.
a number of people are being taken away on stretchers ; some appear to be the hostages .
o a want this in our country by getting cozy with muslims.
the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via
i do not get why this is being reported. i have not seen it confirmed.
the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via. prayers for all in sydney
not good news hope it is minor incident
sound like situation in getting worse ?
the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via ”
attention us citizens : the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via ”
we will never be scared “ 🇺🇸 : the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via
the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via ”
rt the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via ”
the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via ”
opera house also due to suspect parcel so i heard
the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via ” hide yo linda chocolates
the us consulate in has been evacuated - statement via ” & lt ;
this notice does not say the us consulate has been evacuated.
" we are only dealing with one location " says police chief , responding to rumours of bombs elsewhere
i think they need to get a team down to the other location now before it is too late
only dealing with one location “ says police chief, re rumors of bombs elsewhere ”
bots will conquest all the world.
its time to end it he is bluffing nothings in that rucksack. take him out
. one location is too much. stop downplaying this threat. the hostages are in danger.
breaking : cnn : sydney police storm cafe . 2 confirmed dead . syndey gunman is " muslim cleric .
if you are belonged from human rights then why you silent about baluchistan.
that held hostages is behind stabbing-murder of ex wife, taunting letters to military loved ones
rethink gun laws that keep them vulnerable.
can u help conservatives needed on + get paid 4 posting stuff like this ! see sgt ;
. and. the realize that they are disseminating taqiyya — lying to support islam.
i knew it. the news also appears in malaysia
u sure it is confirmed ?
toughest anti gun laws in the world. leaves citizens unprotected.
lets hope he is a good muslim cleric, good and dead !
and wants us to empathize with these idiots
. unexpected prepare for stories on fear of a backlash against muslims.
terrorism has no religion .... blame that individual not religion ....
have you canceled your golf game ? probably not since a beheading did not stop you.
just think if someone in that cafe had a conceal & amp ; carry, ummmmm
a man believed to be the gunman filmed wearing a black headband inside the cafe
why not take him out ? clear view
is he upset that the cafe did not serve halal products ?
somebody crossed their leg and show him the bottom of their shoe
in less than 24 hrs his headband will really be telling the truth. lol !
the wake up
the face of terror in sydney
your tweet takes center stage on
time to finish these pricks
its like all over again
50 hostages in a cafe ... at sydney ... imagine if were reporting this ugly incident .. you would be
would have reported that they are misguided youths.
liberals media channels need to snap indirect(or paid) moral support to terrorism b4 it is 2late
this guy is from might be guiding utah like shamiwitness, no one knows.
will not these are sm misguided sympathizers holding. they do not understand and duran.
let us send to ... maybe they will lock her up there for acting against the state ...
that is duty from over reporting.
time for to go to cafe and launch his book.
direct live reporting has been stopped now. else, there was a possibility
and now bimbo ... you will not read another tweet from me ...
we have already got soundbites of the ' alleged ' terrorists parents saying they were hypnotized !
looking for is buddy to hold forth on secularism. wish he volunteers to go in.
very pleased to see your first ever response !!! like so many others wait for your tweets !!!
dear i do not bother who blocks me ... why are you so bothered about it ?
vision now confirms perpetrator is using young woman as a shield as he paces around in view of windows &
please explain how this is feminist in the slightest.
police sniper could take a shot !
. . of koran demands infidel blood.
just too much to believe. thoughts and prayers for those hostages and families. that poor woman.
horrendous. hope she knows that sydney is praying for her safety.
at what point will you link this to p credit & amp ; pm you filthy despicable grub !
a seal sharpshooter could fix that
lefties now apologizing profusely to our nation for their naive asylum policies ??
we need empathy for these men ...
breaking : hostages are running out of the cafe
have confirmed 3 people have come out
yep we are hearing the same
is this true : breaking : hostages are running out of the cafe ”
breaking hostages are running out of the cafe ” i hope this is true
the terrorist may become even more desperate, that is happened in so many times in similar situations
breaking hostages are running out of the cafe ” please let this be true
lets hope they are
please let this be true !
if this is what great news. is incident over ?
breaking hostages are running out of the cafe v
updated : an armed person took hostages in a sydney cafe and displayed a black flag with arabic script
even is secular state that fears to call and names it arabic ppm
for only you can buy 3k followers
let is see what want in there next elections
so what do u call the white man ?
another example of terrorism. and secular shall blame whole humanity
always people stand up first in-line against islam when they know what happened in kashmir and pakistan.
call it as it is another mad muslim islamist !
black flag do not bring race into this
replace the word armed person “ with “ psychopath “ please.
hope moderate will solve this .... right
geoblock lifted on . streaming coverage of the martin place siege in sydney here .
it is not working here in the uk mate
are your reporters sure it is an isis flag ? cause that is what is being reported.
still does not work in uk
fingers crossed this ends well and swiftly.
how hard is it to turn down the external sound abc ?
it is not often that people need a van to get into as !
rt lifted on. streaming coverage of martin place siege in sydney here.
does not seem to work on mobile in the us. what about your youtube stream ?
trying that one too. i am on this one
central sydney shut down by police amid ongoing hostage situation :
ugh. the craziness continues
thoughts go out to those in sydney dealing with the 20-hostage situation “ ”
needs to borrow some guns ??
more workplace violence i am sure !
central shut down by police amid ongoing hostage situation : ”
central shut down by police amid ongoing hostage situation : ”
cpr being performed on at least 2 after sydney siege , which has now ended , australia is abc reports
is secular and will stay secular uk
thank god they stormed the building ! he planned to die so a quick retrieval is awesome
saying one is possibly a policeman
bomb squad robot going in now swell
a certain country i know would have taken 3 days to end this.
thanks for the courageous and adventure task by australian police for ending this impasse r do ?
new 6 mobile detail clicks here and join with us and thanks.
being performed on at least 2 after, which has now ended, australia is abc reports |
does not belong ?
new 6 mobile detail clicks here and join with us and thanks.
rt : terrifying photo of hostages in martin place in sydney , being held by men waving an isis flag
not an flag. for me is a habit al nasa flag
to wt is happening in ?
. and the liberals want us to feel bad about interrogating these animals.
wt when did this happen ? been outside working
. is strict gun control legislation, it was bound to happen. legal gun ownership works
striking as because of their refusal to tolerate terrorists ?
people are holding their hands up all over the world and for some it is very terrifying !!!!!
correction not an flag but you can still use isis to sell you news even more
right again. the threat is very real.
not good. not good at all. father please intervene.
hands up do not shoot ?
might be an idea to not propagate this photo ? think of the hostages ' families.
breaking : a sydney cafe at martin place is being held up - hostages inside have their hands against the
i hope this doesn’t end badly but fear it probably will.
why the probably some mental person ? maybe a disgruntled ex-employee. explanation needed.
are you sure it is an isis flag ? i refer you to :
this seems to be verified. horrendous !
this lot are so i fear - chaos and death are what they are aiming for.
unconfirmed reports that the isis flag “ is actually the big bang theory logo
flag confirmed or scare mongering bullshit ?
hey just like your @ suggests you are a 7/10 you wanna bang ?
hostages being held in sydney , australia cafe
only could break the news for the religion of the flag other failed to do that.
oh no hostages being held in sydney, australia cafe ”
thats is so messed especially having customers pressed up against the windows with their hands up
latest from hostages being held in sydney, australia cafe.
oh no i hope this does not end in tragedy ... wont be able to sleep tonight
is one of the group use by satan to disrupt the world.
its not racist wanting to change their ideology, they get it from the koran
i hate when interrupts the lefts narrative
reportedly 3 hostages have come out of the cafe
wants to send you 1 safe passage (5,711 bits/$2. 00) collect
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
reportedly 3 hostages have come out of the cafe ”
here is to the hostages getting safe passage on this day
no. but i would if i would disable his remote
it is just really weird that one person held 20 down. frankly, i would tackle him !
would you tackle him knowing he had explosives and might blow everybody up at any minute ?
video : australian police say they are talking to gunman holding hostages inside cafe in sydney :
rt video police say they are talking to gunman holding hostages inside cafe in sydney :
completely nonsense anti community only its nothing doing with islam and muslim in australia
this story must be fake. australia has a gun ban.
right they are in control.
the pm is office releases a statement about .
i will grant you that. just a short, sharp immediate message could have been wise.
major siege in martin place. does not speak to nation - releases a press statement !
no .... but you just did - wanker
not at just can not help but be surprised.
the pm is office releases a statement about. wow
the pm is office releases a statement about. ”
and all the politicians are directly responsible. no less.
if is a dual citizen will there be an election
not the time for divisive stuff.
amazing ... he has not tried to score points on it - yet ...
not really could not help it though.
but you have. is not it ?
we have now heard that all airspace in the city has been shut down . cafe
and the began in charge will be loving it. up the fear and hatred before dd election
the beginning of the end.
reporting airspace not shut down.
and it this will be the first of many.
rt we have now heard that all airspace in the city has been shut down. ”
hostage falls into policeman’s arms after being released
and free. choose your closest sport.
hostage falls into policeman’s arms after being released ”
still do not know if she was released or escaped. be better with your reporting ma !
you mean cop grabs pr-friendly photo opportunity “
so scary hostage falls into policeman’s arms after being released ”
she is been enlightened “ by the religion of peace
hostage falls into policeman’s arms after being released ”
why in bloody he will have not the highly armed police shot the islamic terrorist bastard by now ?
the flag in the lindt cafe window appears to be a shahada flag , not an islamic state flag .
what is the difference they have them hostage !!!!
until u know for sure why are u reporting
who cares it is islamic.
yeah because why ask someone who understands these things ? lol
the black standard jihads flag is prophet mohammad is banner.
. . same different smell !
so it is then. is it connected to a christian terror group
uber intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege
surge pricing is automatic based off high demand afaik
even vultures have to eat. rt : user intros surge pricing in sydney during hostage siege
user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege ” disgusting
horrible. user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege ”
don’t they mean siege pricing ” ?
they just do not care. i hope you & amp ; yours are all safe.
talk about pricing.
i hope this is untrue rt user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege
another blow to a company. “ : user intros surge pricing in sydney during hostage siege ”
i love the service but this is classless
disgusting user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege ”
good job user ... user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege ”
at min rt : user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege
oh man. rt user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege
user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege ” just not right
way . rt user intros surge pricing in downtown sydney during hostage siege
: the gunman behind the has been named as man monis
the gunman behind the has been named as man monks
i misjudged your i though you were trying to defend him. sorry, man.
this siege is very convenient for tony abbott
check out. much quicker updates.
talk him down and please do not kill him
breaking : gunmen displaying islamist flag take hostages in sydney
breaking gunmen displaying islamist flag take hostages in sydney ”
i will be thanks for looking out !
denial of reality is rampant on australian television. cnn is not even covering the event apparently.
hopefully they were not planning a beach day .... now i am gonna analyze everyone on this bus
it is not it is the extremists
please continue to torture these terrorists.
. does not appreciate this free worldwide advertising ...
breaking gunmen displaying islamist flag take hostages in sydney ”
ah thanks.
rt breaking gunmen displaying islamist flag take hostages in sydney ”
kill these fucks breaking : gunmen displaying islamist flag take hostages in sydney ”
i guess i am staying at the beach until i go to the airport
denial of reality is rampant on australian television. cnn is not even covering it apparently.
i wish i was there.
just be careful. it could be anyone.
are a bunch of pussy ass cowards. i hope the sydney police kill all of them
i am confused as to what, de facto, makes the flag islamic ?
denial of reality is rampant on australian television. cnn is not even covering the event apparently.
not an flag do some fact checking
: 3 people escape gunman-held lindt café
they really should not be publishing pics, do not know that might hurt others from escaping.
do not publish escape routes !
move run get out do not stay and become a hostage !
. religion of peace .
at least five people have been released or escaped from a sydney cafe where an armed man is holding hostages
your tweet makes my page better :
is state support for terror & amp ; bombing in
breaking : now free to confirm that radical cleric sheikh man monis has been named as gunman behind .
damn those what ? hindu ? oh, yet another muslim terrorist, big fucking surprise.
what really he seems to be a shi'a right ?
their image is already blackened ...
used to be. not anymore.
the snipers are needed to end this. he will kill the hostages.
once was. now embraced radical islamism.
if he is from more than likely he is.
i saw it. the only message understand is death.
but let is please treat this peaceful man w the utmost respect
perhaps someone wants to ride with him ?
no way. get out of here.
a radical cleric with no followers. rt : radical cleric sheikh man monks been named as gunman behind
did he switch to islam ?
maybe we need to start assassinating a few radical clerics to help put the 7th century to bed.
he wrote on his website that he once was a rapid, but not anymore
two women flee cafe via
thanks for sharing it is now featured on
two women flee cafe via ” breaks my heart
freedom has a price to pay. let our security services get on with it.
two women flee cafe via ” her face says it all really
breaking : gunman in has told police he has " devices all over the city " & amp ; demands
that is i checked it again, works fine for me.
send the gunman to hell and tell him “ piss on u “ 😜
i only could not open it
this begins to sound less credible as a planned act of terrorism.
sounds like a person needing mental health care ? urgently. how did he get a gun.
dis seems cheap popularity stunt
i am calling his bluff !!!
what we know about sheikh haron , the suspected hostage taker in
his identity was confirmed to us by an intelligence source.
shoot him in the head with bullets dipped in pigs blood
what we know about sheikh aaron, the suspected hostage taker in ”
what we know about sheikh aaron, the suspected hostage taker in ”
amp monsoon. copy & amp ; delete. hide & amp ; seek.
. why would ' demand flag ? this does not fit together.
hang him by the if he has any ...
he is a he is dead) he is now in hell.
when was the last time a catholic priest held anyone hostage ??
what do we know about him ? that he is a nasty shit. he should be killed
wait and see then !
yup only way to deal with these types
is it or proven ?
hes not a real so why say he is ?
heavenly please continue the release of the sidney siege hostages.
hopefully that he is a dead man.
update : police storm cafe amid gunshots and explosions :
who is the guy coming out of the side watching !! geeze !
finally it took them so long to get there.
update police storm cafe amid gunshots and explosions : ”
a gunman holding hostages in a sydney cafe is said to be demanding an flag
i do not doubt for a second that the saudi is where not behind financing 9/11.
how come no one is complaining about the police equipment ?!
without hard evidence to back up financing theories - one cannot physically prove such theories -thus its speculation
i wish it was simple. i wish secularism did exist in the middle east.
so are fighters and other jihadists ? you have so pure and good pollyanna heart.
who the is now dead. what he wants no longer matters at all
they only do that when they can try making a race issue out of it
incorrect. not flag. flag.
it is not an flag. this report is wrong.
you too have a nice day
there all working together to create false-flag bullshit and 100% fear propaganda ... have a nice day. lol
i mean there is no difference between isis and saudi arabia ...
gunman holding hostages in a sydney cafe said to be demanding flag ”
the whole situation is about as real as the ottawa shooting was (another orchestrated false-flag)
the stupid media providing hysteria & amp ; the desperate attention these lunatic criminals pray for ,,,
and if it happened in sandy hook he could have used an assault weapon.
some are brainwashed by it and exploited by others much as they always have been.
shot him in the head.
speaking of should stop watching mainstream media and actually do some research on his own
you are concerned with the company is image ? what ?
who violently destroyed property you mean ?
most of the civilians do not back these islamist. please separate the government from the general people
because they are armed against an armed terrorist, not protesters.
a gunman holding hostages in a sydney cafe is said to be demanding a flag
one huge massive to form one world govt by conquering one country at a time in region
whoever supports terrorists is terrorist. gulf states give money to all the islamist in the world.
said it was criminals - try “ govt orchestrated false-flag “ ... low
flag is not flag, and after he knows that he is demanding flag that isis use
the man behind the hostage situation at martin place has been identified as man monis
thought he was not going to be named
gunman monks born in runabout 50 years old came to australia in 1996 as a refugee
radical rt the man behind the hostage situation has been identified as man monks
hostages seen fleeing from cafe at centre of moments ago
hostages seen fleeing from cafe at center of moments ago ”
the one wearing white shirt is from india a kit panda
rt hostages seen fleeing from cafe at center of moments ago
hostages seen fleeing from cafe at center of moments ago
hostages seen fleeing from cafe at center of moments ago ”
hostages seen fleeing from at center of moments ago |
hostages seen fleeing from cafe at center of moments ago ”
hostages seen fleeing from cafe at center of moments ago ”
frank gardner bbc : " there are elements of four lions here . the gunman has the wrong flag .
he is using the nasa / al ada flag ....
' four lions ' was portrayed as a comedy but really it is a searing, gritty documentary.
not so funny for the hostages
this is getting funny. he has the wrong flag !
update - five more hostages have escaped from the lindt cafe in sydney city centre
just re tweeted me and i was like mg but i forgot he follows me😂😂😂
if they are escaping can not the police go in the same way ?
how can they just keep escaping ? there should be more to the story
rt update five more hostages have escaped from the linda cafe in sydney city center
sydney opera house evacuated , concourse deserted ( via )
really want to stop it ? bomb mecca ! level it.
rt opera house evacuated, concourse deserted (via) ”
opera house evacuated, concourse deserted (via) ”
hope they rescue the hostages. . and fry the islamutards.
my heart and prayers go out to the good people of sydney and australia. 🇺🇸
the cost of nuke iran to help stop this.
opera house evacuated, concourse deserted (via) ” 😨
house evacuated ,concourse deserted (((ia)”
please join me in prayer for those held hostage in martin place , sydney , and for the police who
horrible situation in need of prayers
. can you guarantee your particular brand of prayer magic is more potent that the terrorist is ?
where is belief in god
may god bless them in their efforts.
live : coverage of ongoing hostage situation in sydney is business district :
00 reward for public assistance in seeking criminal investigation
photo of one of the australian jihadists holding13 hostages in under flag of jihad
moderate do not count at this point none can be trusted.
we carry guns that is what makes these animals think twice !
yes big now is not he, he would rather hang tiny prayer carpets on we tree
when it is every who practices islam they all want the something !
and still we have not had enough of them ... our mentalists keep defending them ...
why is not covering this story ?! cnn is playing videos gone viral.
they may and will stand up and say again how peaceful loving they are ....
there is no such thing as moderate if they read the duran practice islam they are evil post
they may try larger targets.
hostages in under flag of jihad ”
just a matter of time & amp ;
the mm will not report on anything more than what government tells them to do.
are any us news channels covering this ?
oh just started reporting now !
they do not have the spine to call out all muslims who practice islam !
mt photo of one of the men holding 13 hostages under islamic flag
terrorist is a world term for radical islamist who want to kill anyone who does not believe.
hopefully swat takes them out soon. what is seal team six doing ???
not many in can cover it without accepting the australian term of terrorist ...
hostages held in sydney cafe , islamic flag seen in window : local tv
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv ”
state flag used in this crisis. keep covering up for these scums.
rt hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv
then please answer my question. what does islam teach about us koufax ?
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv
not the best day to be an aussie. hoping we respond strongly 💪
let is all invite more muslims to our nations ! what fun !
does a fine job of demonizing itself, now outside help needed.
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv ”
rt and work for claims former -qaeda commander.
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv ” not good
yet funny how you did not answer my question.
and this is why we have the here in the 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
definitely not good. hope for safe return of all hostages
not flag. testimony quote. siege perpetrated by 2 idiotic wannabees.
dozens of hostages are being held in a sydney cafe , islamic flag seen in window »
. breaking it turns out the sign means “ islam is the religion of peace “
better wake up and grow up for the threat that is here. a pox on and supportive and
the is look :
here in most of the customers would be packing.
there are snipers though the hostages are being used as shields.
who dares wins i trust aussies snipers.
to apologize to the terrorists and call the police pigs in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
sydney cafe in hostage crisis may hold up to 10 staff and perhaps 30 customers , lindt says
now we all know this is not terrorism, this is just a little work place violence ...
false. never have black flags or banners, only green.
apparently the terrorists did not get memo that they banned firearms in australia about 10 years ago ... no
and your ridiculous speculation helps no one.
false. i know more than you on this subject.
great. these losers need to find a real job.
. live stream from -
and hostage taker is not ship.
13 is actually the newest number. revise it with the updates, fear mongers.
terrorists never seem too big on ' rules ' per se.
and this is the that the lies love so much
rt may hold up to 10 staff and perhaps 30 customers, linda says
breaking : more than a dozen hostages held in cafe in sydney ; arabic flag placed in window
the flag made me think it was isis, but yes, no one should jump to conclusions.
if you read it says that it is not directly connected with any specific terrorist group ...
nothing. they are terrorists. they attack and kill anyone and everyone. it is isis
the hostages are in my prayers. i really hope no one is killed.
there is no such thing as arabic flag u dumb shit
what did ever do to anyone
: hostages are being held and a siege is taking place at sydney is lindt chocolat cafe in martin place
some disturbing images also posted on twitter.
reports of an flag too i saw ?
send your was in and fast
reports the gunman wants to speak to tony abbott .
reports the gunman wants to speak to tony abbott.
send tony in with a m16 and few grenades will raise his popularity to stratospheric heights
that gunman would speak to any idiot if that is the case
reports the gunman wants to speak to tony abbott. ”
. blur their faces you deeps.
our pm does not negotiate w terrorists. cockraches which must be crushed unceremoniously
way to go you took everyone is guns from them ! you missed one
police surround sydney cafe , where armed person holds hostages
the chickens are coming home to roost.
where there there are not. all are fake news
police surround cafe, where armed person holds hostages bless them
martin place ... not fake !
price surge profiteering in sydney during siege. shameless. what did they learn from 9/11 ?
police surround cafe, where armed person holds hostages ”
rt police surround cafe, where armed person holds hostages
police surround cafe, where armed person holds hostages ” such a scary/sad situation
what kind of beliefs has that hurt innocent people. is that what their allah teach ?
: hostage-takers ‘ have suicide belts , demand radio convo with ’ – report
they have also evacuated opera house due to suspicious package
thanks for sharing you are now featured on
hilarious a like you can insult me, then block me so i can not respond ?
it is an old tired story !!! we gotta nip this in the bud !
does seem terribly convenient to abbott is gov not.
they have also evacuated state library but i have no idea why
you two should get together and have the world is the stupidest baby.
fake profile only know how to insult the truth !
you are on crack mate. complete bunk is what you are spreading.
this sounds like made up bs
poor kid. does not have a chance with a fuck-tard like you as a father.
my 11 yr old would outwit you moron. . blocked
another false flag operation ? this is what abbott had been praying for.
has already. . may start interviewing crisis actors soon. .
which report do not spread rumors
if you are part of the establishment then you are part of the problem.
deep inside is story was this ➤
hey steeple wanna invade the middle east because of one back job ... : 0
well tell everyone you know not to believe it. it is gonna fall apart i bet !
you are on crack. your foolish comment invalidates any truth that may be buried within the nonsense.
breaking : first photo of middle-aged hostage-taker , who is wearing a black bandana while conducting the .
my understanding is that new police have asked media, esp social media, not to do this.
fair enough. do you know why ?
that is not a vest. that appears to be a plain old vest.
over
yeah but whose name is on the twitter post ?
looks like they had a clear shot to me
a well placed head shot can not solve
what is that on the photo ? australian outlet 7 news.
probably best. misinformation gets around pretty fast on social media sites.
: hostage taker demands isis flag , warns of four bombs in city
enough is enough hostage taker demands isis flag, warns of 4 bombs in city
hostage taker demands isis flag, warns of four bombs in city ”
five hostages have escaped the besieged lindt cafe in | our latest update :
5 hostages escaped besieged linda cafe in | our latest update :
financial times explaining is land reclamation controversy on video -
five hostages have escaped the besieged linda cafe in | so carey lo dice too ... ”
update : people in sydney is cbd buildings surrounding martin place have reportedly been told to evacuate .
can you define for non australians ? prayers from massachusetts, us.
many thanks. having memories of the boston marathon horror watching this. peace.
seen this coming years ago !!! brutal action needs to be taken.
oh i bet. stay well !
central business district it i am from the states too.
hostages held inside sydney cafe , islamic flag held up
held inside flag held up
do not let or holder talk, they would blame it on the racial make-up of sydney !
thoughts with tonight. : hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up ”
hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up ”
not the flag rt “ : hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up ”
actually debate on the flag : hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up ”
oh no. rt hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up
rt hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up ”
fuck sorry. like media giving is exactly what they want
it says not is flag. not confirmed.
that is not the just looks like it
rt hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up
do you enjoy being consistently wrong or is it really inadvertent ?
hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up ”
hostages held inside sydney cafe, islamic flag held up ” oh god
sydney 2gb radio shock jock ray hadley now retracting many of his earlier claims about . appalling ' journalism '
ray is appalling full stop !
it has nothing in common with journalism. nothing.
just an appalling human being really
i have been what did harley say ?
ray is grub ... hardly a surprise
muck son was adding inflammatory speculation also
did anyone expect anything different from him ???
is a flea. he is not a journos backside
his fear mongering about bombs around sydney caused many false reports bill the bastard
is an idiot. could have lost lives due to his stupidity.
you clearly have your priorities straight. sigh
bolt must be devastated his show has wrapped for the year. 2/2
breaking : police storm sydney siege cafe , heavy gunfire heard : reuters witness and live tv pictures
those grenades looked so sick !
unfriendly lukewarm loud noises from the street. would not visit again. 1/5
how to face and terrorism ???
journey into is afterlife :
protector of gets a slam. d p d
escaped hostage , elly chen , a top student and skilled sportswoman
be like fuck this shit, i gotta go home and study “.
why i need to be fit and a good to be fit 😏😏
reply trout king. haha
dye late law ... hahn km singapore ?
not ... star online tag explain map
a sportswoman thank god she survived the shooting
at coding. tau key day.?
why release her name give her time to heal in privacy. do you have no ethics ?
one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building
this is not related to the siege !
nothing to do with the siege. gunman still inside. no hostages out yet.
this is very misleading it was 200m away from cafe
the man arrested was from the cafe.
from what building not linda !
i am suggesting those on air were being more responsible about speculation than the social media people.
one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building ”
care to clarify this what buildings ? failing the nation again. fss
one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building ”
they are way quicker than the abcnews24 live broadcast. not a word on it yet.
apparently the person arrested is unrelated to the
breaking one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building
probably because quick often does not mean accurate :
map : exclusion zone remains around as the continues
we need more cameras in public places combined with facial recognition systems.
can not wait for the new light rail, people will not need holding them hostage.
how about an award for the most stupid question asked at press a conference.
exactly it is not making sense
saw this on terrifying to say the least !!!
uber criticized for “ off the charts ” surge pricing during hostage crisis in australia .
the new and disruptive are always subject to a ridiculous amount of criticism.
encouraging drivers to evacuate people from the area
off a hostage situation is not a good look
rt user criticized for “ off the charts ” surge pricing during hostage crisis in australia.
they profit from natural disasters and death. is it called surge pricing ? something like that.
user come back user, we need you !
probably would be cheaper for them in the long run.
strike 3 user. rt “ off the charts ” surge pricing during hostage crisis in australia.
it is common knowledge that user prices are based on scarcity. this is yellow journalism.
always happy to disagree i saw price gouging and people do without. never forget that ...
has already given refunds and free rides to those affected by the surge prices in this area.
they do not seem to be on point with this whole image thing.
you deserve a promotion. is disgusting
free market economics. what could be wrong with that ? (besides the visuals. )
bystanders taking selfies at scene of sydney hostage siege .
people are nuts. rt bystanders taking series at scene of sydney hostage siege.
but that their life. now how scary is that.
was thinking about that same. “ where were you when.? “ but smiling ?
idiots rt bystanders taking series at scene of sydney hostage siege.
but they are just collecting evidence ! of their own behavior ...
bystander series scene of sydney hostage siege. ” could this be more black mirror ?
these people are really appalling and not at all tasteful ...
rt bystanders taking series at scene of sydney hostage siege.
idiots bystanders taking series at scene of sydney hostage siege. ”
swap them of the current hostages.
seriously what is wrong with people ?
bystanders taking series at scene of sydney hostage siege. ?
indeed. many ppm in danger and what do you do - take a self. amazing stupidity.
they are an embarrassment to our country during a horrifying time. pathetic.
police confirm that live ammunition was used as heavily armed police stormed the café in sydney -
what why would non lethal ammo even be considered ?
live so they killed him ?
you can shoot yourself you gigantic faggot
do not tell me oz cops sometimes use rubber bullets in these situations
if gun laws were mot so restrictive, a private citizen could have ended these hours ago.
like i care ... now go get a girlfriend. i believe in you. you can do it
police confirm live ammunition used as heavily armed police stormed the cafe in sydney |
breaking : three sydney hostages flee cafe , australian tv networks report
breaking three sydney hostages flee cafe, australian tv networks report ”
breaking three sydney hostages flee cafe, australian tv networks report ”
thank goodness. missing you all 💚💗💚💗
may the holy guardian angels protect all who are involved !!
updates all night on : breaking : three sydney hostages flee cafe, australian tv networks report ”
with ya so far no one is been confirmed harmed !
rt breaking three sydney hostages flee cafe, australian tv networks report ”
for only you can buy 3k followers
how must not be very good terrorists unless they were released.
breaking three sydney hostages flee cafe, australian tv networks report ”
update : airspace across sydney is in lockdown . has also been evacuated .
coming to a business near you !!! be prepared and stay aware !!!
link to live video video isis jihads take 13 hostages in sydney
siege ... now
are we over doing airspace in lock down !
what is happened i am not near a tv
thats frightening i thought id never see this in australia boy am i wrong.
after 16 hours sydney siege is finally over .
turn the fucking caps lock off bro
the only reason such despicable situations happen in the first place, is because they are tolerated.
after 16 hours sydney siege is finally over. ”
yeah but are not there still a few bombs supposedly lying around ?
one less religious nut job. fuck him.
after 16 hours sydney siege is finally over. ” alhamdulilah be safe sydney !
after 16 hours sydney siege is finally over. ”
after 16 hours sydney siege is finally over. ”
police : operation dealing with " armed incident " in sydney is martin place ; people nearby urged to shelter
this is the bullshit that happens when you take peoples guns away. they are left defenseless
and. let is keep calm about this. who is good at it ? , , ?
police kill them all !!!
photo of the moment a cafe worker escaped the via story :
in the cops would have shot her as soon as she came out the door, probably.
00 reward for public assistance seeking criminal investigation
wow. that is a pulitzer photo right there.
you seem to be a bit of a weird fuck do not you ?
: hostage situation reportedly unfolding in chocolate shop
nothing to do with right ?
rt hostage situation reportedly unfolding in chocolate shop ”
it is still going on, not past tense.
this could potentially be a massacre. there are more countries than just america.
prayers for those in rt : : hostage situation reportedly unfolding in, australia
hostage situation reportedly unfolding in chocolate shop ”
hostage situation reportedly unfolding in chocolate shop
if prayers this shit would not happen !
do not let it happen here let our people take the gloves off the hell being pc usa matters
so the varsity has gone pro. obama is responsible for this !
hostage situation reportedly unfolding in chocolate shop would kill someone for chocolate
what r u talking about ......... fox was all over dc and other cities marches
huh chocolate breathes heavy *
why do so many people keep misinterpreting this peaceful faith !?!
but 50,000 marchers in our nation is largest & amp ; most influential city was not worth covering ...
up to 20 held hostage in sydney lindt cafe siege
up to 20 held hostages in sydney linda cafe siege ”
sick. up to 20 held hostages in sydney linda cafe siege ”
at least they have got good chocolate
up to 20 held hostages in sydney linda cafe siege
religion is nothing but harmful to society.
what the hell : up to 20 held hostages in sydney linda cafe siege ”
up to 20 held hostages in sydney linda cafe siege ”
you are an insensitive idiot !
breaking news : a sixth hostage has now escaped from the cafe in sydney .
was more effective in pulp fiction than this guy
police : negotiators are now in contact with armed hostage-taker in sydney situation ; motive remains unknown -
rt police negotiators are now in contact w/ armed hostage-taker in situation ; motive remains unknown -
five people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation .
five people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation. ”
get out of the middle east !!!!
five people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation. ”
my thoughts amp prayers are with everyone.
five people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation.
it is terrible thing poor people hope it will be ok
thanks god i am not in sydney. she does not do that
good good. that is a good news
apply something positive something that will change the direction of the world
we are praying for them.
good they got out shame this is happening
hope they all be
a closer still caption of gunman
i do not see any problems with showing that picture of one of the monsters inside.
reports of a backpack on hostage taker. talking first never hurts
a closer still caption of gunman ”
it does not make it right or safe for the hostages regardless of who took the photo.
did not police specifically ask us not to post photos of hostages or gunmen until hostages released ? .
appears to smoking a cigarette. allah gonna be suitor pissed.
seems like a clear shot to me.
yup that is religion folks staring u in the face. crush it !
rt a closer still caption of gunman
fire.
i agree the media is putting lives at risk
islamic flag flown as 13 hostages in sydney is cbd forced against windows
of course you can gain information from that image. police equipment, volume, composure and location.
that is good question. locals then i imagine. mostly dependent on mouse from what i gather.
kinda like what we saw elsewhere. dss would cover grounds but most ops would be locals.
that does not include millions of website views.
i like striven to word bubble “. lol my wife says i do that from time-to-time.
you have it all figured out jon, i am off to catch up on.
dude washable is a medium - you are a security pro.
its most probably an isolate situation by lone wolves like we had in canada in october
door was left wide open brother.
well played well played !
4. 81 million. i have 2,000.
flag flown as 13 hostages in sydney is cd forced against windows ” crazy ...
stop being an idiot bro and go pick another agenda
yup. which would explain a lot.
stop posting pictures of police !
i just spit my tea. lol
my understanding is marines cover the grounds but the exterior is locals.
i know but you should not encourage them by re tweeting ... sigh .....
scriven you are aware of opec, why do you re tweet pictures ?
dude i know it is a parody low
grounds only if principle was there.
that is what i was covering in earlier tweets before we ....
hence why a flag is used - an amateur.
i have. take a look at my first tweet
i do. but i also know you can not tell shit from that pic.
so seriously who takes actionable primary on an us consulate ?
come do not you watch homeland ?
that would be called a “ striven to word bubble “
the entire commentary is hilarious and enlightening.
local lone wolves greatly “ influenced by isis statements.
an " lonewolf " has taken around 30 people hostage in a sydney and demanded to talk to the pm
5 hostages are free but unable to broadcast if escaped or released due to police requests.
it is not for sure he is from isis, so be patient on your reports
well this tweet is bullshit.
so much wrong with this tweet.
no confirmed link to
and that analysis is based on the hostage taker is own self assessment ... or what ?
a more active version of ?
nsw police confirm 5 hostages have emerged from and they are negotiating : " it might take a bit of
... hijackers allowed outside contact, too. hope police get them all out safe.
how irresponsible tweeting this putting innocent lives in jeopardy for a story. shame on you bbc
awful rt the follow live updates :
everyone still has time to tweet !
police confirm they are monitoring facebook & amp ; twitter “ after reports hostages are tweeting from inside
a simply stupid post by the bbc with no thought for lives
there are fallout in every thing, unfortunately the fallout here are taking center stage and denting the majority
why tell the whole world you morons ...
are a problem all around the world and your statement is false and a lie.
jet so many around the world are a problem how do you explain that ?
hoping everyone is freed unharmed ... the hostages must be terrified !! swat team shoot the bastard !!
in pictures the follow live updates : ” rt
the gunman told them what 2 post ...
why do not swat take the fucker out ??
i do not believe anyone could be posting updates if they r are a hostage ... just saying ...
a bit of time is not going to do much good if they start shooting
syndrome what planet are you on ?
note : flag held up by sydney hostages is not the flag commonly used by isis
rt note flag held up by sydney hostages is not the flag commonly used by isis
it s sick they do not represent islam in any way
how does that change anything ? they are still brainwashed idiots.
who r i should have known u were white always white people who r the dumbest
so is he just a regular islamic nut or a regular islamic nut ?
rt note flag held up by sydney hostages is not the flag commonly used by isis … cc
i see we have a real intellect on our hands - go back to chewing your gum
sydney hostage-taker - man monis , 49 - originally from iran - self-styled sheikh - accused of sexually assaulting 7
shit tell him to get on cosby is level
so he is not even muslim ? wow this is uh weird
self styled “ ? i think i will be prime minister then
we understand there are two gunmen and up to a dozen hostages inside the cafe under siege at sydney ..
yeah. that is her station
more on situation at martin place in sydney, au
have you actually confirmed it is an isis flag or are you talking shit
several of your tweets are either wrong or misleading. please hold yourself to higher journalism standards !
sorry how do you know it is an isis flag ? can you actually confirm that ?
not flags. flags.
journalists report facts reporters bleat out crap they hear. isis my are.
no she can not cos it is actually not
update : total of 5 people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation :
i hope they did not spill their lattes.
pretty sure they were not taken hostage for buying coffee. lol
let is see if they can do better than had ! do not kill them all
now your story is getting less credible ! should have known.
such powerful images of hostages escaping , those poor women . and the fear for those still trapped inside
the police are doing an amazing job !!
but i can not believe this is our sydney.
no thankfully i am about 10kms away
is it near you mate x
rt such powerful images of hostages escaping, those poor women. ”
sad but the hostage taker had better not be a chocolate hater.
i realism this is a public place etc. but this woman may prefer to remain unidentified.
did they escape or did he let them go do we know ?
bullshit they all escaped. demands are being met
my heart is breaking mt “ : such powerful images of hostages escaping, those poor women. ”
thank god for that just hope everybody gets out unharmed poor people x
her face says it all. so scary. hoping for a peaceful outcome.
one of them was pregnant too.
: police have confirmed that the is over .
police have confirmed that the is over. ” 👏👏👏
police have confirmed that the is over. ” thank god
police have confirmed that the is over. ” best news
police have confirmed that the is over. ” 🙏
police have confirmed that the is over. ” thank god 🙌🙏😭
what a relief glad everyone is mostly ok !
sydney siege : gunman forces hostages to hold up isis flag in window
if they only knew that isis was created by the american government.
no such thing as bad publicity. clever.
siege gunman forces hostages to hold up isis flag in window ” wt
good i am going to sleep ! so freaking tired.
are you sure they have guns ?? australia has banned a lot of them ??
guess is off our list .....
not for sure.
rt and work for claims former -qaeda commander.
mt these not the same. 1st shahadah flag, 2nd is specifically claimed by is.
siege gunman forces hostages to hold up isis flag in window
have to admire is determination to make sales over the festive period
yes i know that hand gun crime is up 55% where i live and they are banned !
update : there are reports police have discovered the identity of the lone gunman , with the in its sixth
6th hour longer than that.
let is hope it is released tastefully so his family is not hate spammed
hunt this rat down. make him a lesson for others who even think of doing this
if you want to follow the hostage situation in sydney :
fox news said it is obama is fault
thanks for that tip. bbc world is giving good coverage.
and yet somehow you followed this tweet and decided the world needed to hear your response to said tweet
hostage situation in humanity is effed ...
you will get a more reasoned, less sensational live feed re from
let me guess global warming.
i will stick with straight news and not have a liberal rag report on live news.
you like the main stream, cut you do not like to think for yourself ?
but you will show up to denigrate said drag
uber says it has hiked prices in sydney to " encourage more drivers to come online & amp ; pick
nice not buying ...
is trying to “ shoot the moon “ when it comes to pr ?
capitalism efficiency minus humanity “
they charged me for a $20 fare. neveer use them again after they have exploited situations.
surge pricing during a hostage crisis art : user says it has hiked prices in sydney ...
capitalism efficiency minus humanity.
is facing problems will a price hike really help ?
you might want to rethink your hash tag
five hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from
poor people. so terrifying.
five hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from ”
i will come back in one piece. (probably)
five hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from ”
this is actually a very good compilation.
some profiles picture that is going to be
i promised you would come home safe.
two came out front door of lindt cafe . one out fire door . they had hands in the air
were they released by offender ? if not why not tell everyone all the police tactics ?
looks like it is not.
3 confirmed out. all men
approximately 50 hostages may be held captive at café – local reports
it is worked for us for the last 18yrs has not it ?
it is 5000 or maybe 500. or whatever sounds more alarming
it has not.
let is not forget those naughty video games, hope that keeps you warm before the next mass shooting
so has banned guns and violent video games. looked at what has happened.
that is an get your facts right.
statistics say your freedom will be used to shoot your family not protect them.
said only 10 employees ! must be a lot of customers. it is good chocolate
i pray for the safety of all the hostages ; and that they are released soon.
and i prefer my freedoms to yours. thanks for your concern, though.
via approximately 50 hostages may be held captive at cafe – “
i thought it was only 1 from the beginning
and i would gladly have my freedom to protect my family. thanks.
i would gladly have our 1 in 18yrs situation to your one in 18wk mass shootings.
that is i still would prefer their homicide rates to yours
have you seen our crime stats ? we do not even lock our doors.
from a video game playing gun-owner who has never shot anyone.
there is a mental health problem not a gun problem.
why do we blame everything except for the maniac that does the actual act ?
they are gonna fuck that dude up
update : an isis flag is being displayed in the window of a café under siege in sydney’s martin place
holy lord prayers to all. this is too much.
shit man this is scary how is the police gonna deal with this guy without anyone getting killed
get your facts straight 9 news ?
so no threat to australia, right ? as you were ….
journalist suggests it is not isis flag. probably worth confirming.
3 people run out of sydney cafe where hostages are being held .
but this is not in the story you link to ..... bad form.
3 people run out of sydney cafe where hostages are being held. ”
is the place to be na malaya havana ! scary much ! 😔😐
why is not anything on being broadcast on television ?
3 former hostages here being led away by federal police
3 people run out of sydney cafe where hostages are being held. ”
3 people run out of sydney cafe where hostages are being held. ”
for only you can buy 3k followers
3 people run out of sydney cafe where hostages are being held. via
hostages being held in a sydney cafe ; islamic flag seen in window , local news reports
i am sure it has nothing to do with religion.
being held in a cafe ; flag seen in window, local reports ”
update : reports the gunman has released three hostages , with the six hour unravelling . details to come .
hope they are all released soon. they may never want to see chocolate again !
is a misnomer . it is a hostage situation . inside a cafe . you want 2 know what being
problem is western media controlled through pro zionist politicians and place men and money ! 👥
and all the world has become one stage for stooges to play out their dramatic farces
amp constantly portraying us as victims & amp ; in danger ...
' though is standard jargon here for man-with-gun-in-building, preferable to more islamophobic descriptions
do you even know what logic is ?
my sentiments another have ensured that the people of remain under siege
the attempt at a sick burn ...
for good reason have been massacred and stolen from for nearly seventy years !!! 💀💀
yeah you sound brilliant. run along now ...
that is the grim reality !
i wish i could believe that our government is organized enough for that. . they are incompetent.
sorry i can not say same about you. majnoona is majnoona
if was ' always ' in the news more ppm would have been outraged @ is atrocities.
usually not goats that organize these but more clever dudes do it for them
the western white supremacist media loves it settler-colonies.
teach me teach me how to use australian poor people taken hostage in favor of bolshie
is always in the news. disproportionately more than syria for example
: a series of loud blasts and bursts of ammunition have been heard at the cafe .
4 have been taken out on stretchers. do u think they have taken him out
agree with you but i think we will see more of this as so easy to pull off
how close are you to this, keys ?
pleased you stopped the live feed, good call
we are all with you.
that did not sound good. it is all very sad
someone please explain to your presenters what flash bang/mine bangs are.
hope so dawn it will serve as a warning to those non peace lovers
a 30 sec i might be being stupid with this question, but why ?
not close. different state but it was my old hometown so it is shocking and terrifying to hear
from the sound if fire he could be. it is all horrid
go play with little like you always do.
let is hope the mad dog is the only casualties of this drama
reported hostage-taking incident unfolding in sydney
rt reported incident unfolding in sydney
happens after the government takes away your guns !
edit opera house “ not “ operate “
oh newton ... reported hostage-taking incident unfolding in sydney ”
siege situation currently unfolding at sydney is martin place . updates here :
now this kind of activity is scary. they are now attacking in our own countries.
rt siege situation currently unfolding at sydney is martin place. updates here : ”
we do not have any tanks only water ones and their all rusted
true that but without getting the attention they crave they would shut down
wow that is so sad to hear. hopefully they will get the hostages to safety somehow.
notice the flag flying over the merry xmas sign ? no accident. that is islam.
siege situation currently unfolding at sydney is martin place “ please stay safe everyone
they are on r amp ; r !
of course they do. are trained in civil anti terror tactics
and only one operating submarine. fact
siege situation currently unfolding at sydney is martin place. updates here : ”
imagine you in that situation !!
hostage crisis in : siege currently unfolding. updates here : ”
they do not have the ability to fire a tomahawk missile ! so outdated should have asked vlad
i would imagine that he is trying to find a way to blame israel.
i am just watching live now, they think 13 hostages.
rt siege situation currently unfolding at sydney is martin place. updates here :
is schemer on apparent motivation for as well
looks like the flag. as used by haas. anything to say jon ?
siege situation currently unfolding at sydney is martin place. updates here : ”
so true what next ? no country is safe from this.
siege situation currently unfolding at sydney is martin place. updates here : ” god
breaking update : gunman says four devices are located around sydney . security response underway . police calling for calm
and is a place
breaking update gunman says four devices are located around sydney. security response underway “ crap
i had a feeling this threat was coming. keep all of australia in my thoughts.
a fan of die hard with a vengeance. may be bluffing.
viral videos are important /sarcasm
sounds like what happened in india several years ago.
its a major city in australia ??????????? the olympics were there in 2000 ??????
flag held by sydney hostage often used by jabhat al-nusra & amp ; other armed islamist groups , but not
wants their own halal chocolate.
like it matters which extreme muslim group it is ?
does not make any difference. the key word there is “ islamist “.
in the 1950 is i think.
icky utility chocolate no thanks blah ! i do not buy that !
does it really matter they all was not to kill us
will somebody please explain what is written over that damn flag ? .
the peaceful religion of has struck again.
that should be comforting to the hostages.
these are not the happy-go-lucky islamist i know ....
it was a flag ...
it is all part of the islamist terror network. deciding which flag it is defeats the point.
heya can you put " hostage crisis in sydney . islamist flag held in window " on your crawl so
in the morning. no rush.
... can the terrorists breathe ???
that the best laugh i have had today, thanks !
might want to put it on a couple gay porn channels too.
cc so will see it.
especially with cowherd having him on his radio show with his head so far up his ass
maybe put in the crawl that white cops in australia are shooting unarmed black teens in the streets ....
but they are not !
get learn to tug on a new t-shirt with the news.
is so ' stupid, he thinks they speak german in australia.
breaking : gunman identified as local resident man monis - reports
if he is and ship he could never be an is fan
gunman identified as local resident man monks
how is about we focus on and stop giving this idiot more limelight than he deserves ??
y does this name man monks sound like pakistani to me ???
drill held at same exact linda cafe location in sydney last year !
everyone freaks out with this whole isis shit right away, do not they ?
man monks is very strange name !
police let media disclose id of gunman. iself-confessed sheikh ' man monks, iranian refugee ”
police let media disclose identity of gunman. iself-confessed sheikh ' man monks, iranian refugee
he only popped in to order a latte for his basis handler
latest : gunman reportedly demands isis flag , contact with australian pm
are we sure this guy is an islamist ? we have to check thoroughly. lol
i pray that the father of jesus christ, watches over australia.
the most blessed trinity is the one, true, living god !!
come on fox. you are the only news violating what the police asked you not to do.
i am sure there were adults in there smart ass
yeah. maybe one of the children buying linda choc. could have shot him dead.
let is send him but set it on fire first !
but let is not use the word “ terrorist “ when referring to these dregs ...
they have also asked media not to relay his demands but you have chosen to do so.
changing times. century old prob in mindanao happening globally.
and people complain when share the.
latest gunman reportedly demands isis flag, contact with australian pm ”
the police here have asked us not to report that for operational reasons. please do likewise.
we can only speculate who their sources work for.
but it is not a war with islam, exclaims all media.
: flag w/ islamic writing held up to window of cafe . police say up to 50 hostages . pm
true. just another group of muslim terrorists.
worth checking this out from on the flag itself.
its 5 hours into how is that breaking ?
indeed easy to jump to conclusions ...
have hostage numbers been confirmed ? still confusion
they said it was 13 this morning
nm bloody sends electric waves to girls for physical relationships despite having own wife, extreme characterless
hang those stupid hostage takers once they have been arrested ! stupid dog eating bloody muslims !
breaking it is been happening for 3 hours now. sheesh.
cant believe it mad muslims islamist., or just islamic muslims ?
10 employees how many customers = ? need verify ?
that flag is a flag. bandana on suspect says “ at your service, o muhammad “
it is the not the isis flag.
powerful & amp ; harrowing image of a lindt workers escaping the
do not forget to credit the photo where it is due/possible !
yes the amp ; is only a minor incident compared to real terrorists besieging syria
how terrifying ... powerful & amp ; harrowing image of a linda workers escaping the ”
how terrifying ... powerful & amp ; harrowing image of a linda workers escaping the ”
powerful amp harrowing image of a linda workers escaping the via
and from the anonymous policeman is caring response.
another even better front page photo ......
powerful amp ; harrowing image of a linda workers escaping the ” whoa.
powerful amp ; harrowing image of a linda workers escaping the ”
i have linked directly to the herald sun image not lifted it.
australian radio reporting that gunman not only wants to talk to the prime minister , but he wants to talk
no this could go on for days
he wants hence location of cafe
i think he chose the wrong prime minister to talk to
now is the wrong time for me to start making another joke.
oh offs. like that is going to happen ?
not ray from australian radio station 2gb. just relaying what others are saying.
any way to hear that live radio audio ?
breaking : three hostages appear to have escaped the sydney cafe where a siege remains ongoing .
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 55
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 66
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 99
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 88
breaking three hostages appear to have escaped the sydney cafe where a siege remains ongoing.
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 00
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 11
for only you can buy 3k followers
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 77
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 33
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 44
o lord save all hostages in sydney & amp ; turn militants 2 righteous ways 22
is that man holding hostages alone ? or they are many ?
its imp. he does not want the asians
these hostages ' faces say so much
this really hit me when i saw it ...
do you want to fucking live under the rule of law or not ?
surprised the herald sun published them. they may be muslims. daily terror is 2pm front page .....
these hostages ' faces say so much ”
sydney crisis : hostages share gunman is demands in chilling phone calls :
hope and wakes up !
very bad situation if it is isis. hope they make it out safe
she wants to # but she docent have a twitter
hope it docent get bad and everyone will be happy one is again
the police going their jobs in aussie - just like and
hands up do not shoot
terrorist is using the is free wife too
3 people freed from cafe in sydney under siege . not clear how many hostages remain .
a
i saw but thanks ❤️
they not freed according to deep police commit
why do not you show breaking news. i think the can wait
if anyone dies then you failed the test.
because sharp tons not involved ... yet.
for only you can buy 3k followers.
if only we had a leader with balls !? we could be the world leader again !!!!
if your question was answered yet but
shots fired at sydney cafe - 7news
you look like shanna !
can you behave for once omega.
shots fired at sydney cafe - 7news ”
shots fired at sydney cafe - 7news ”. holy shit this is actually getting intense
that is rt : dang, you look like shanna !
shots fired at sydney cafe - 7news ” bang into the room
rt that is shsusanna.rtrt dapadang,uofook like shsusanna
the hostage-taker has been named as sheikh man monis .
so now you are saying iran is in europe ..... havana fucking hell .... brilliant.
what is that got to do with this story though ? .... christ you talk white.
does that translate to skunk lover ?!
man monks “ arabic slang for throwing the spam javelin
sheik is a better name
was born in and came to australia as either a refugee or immigrant
you need to add he is out on bail for murdering a woman too.
how many terrorists are there as there seem to be different names reported
does not he own man city ????
they should just call him big jerk.
with same characteristics as devout muslim, convicted murder and pedophile.
you make absolutely no sense .... you said islamisation of europe .... no connection to europe whatsoever
even though he is in australia you muppet !
is obviously an intelligent troll havana !
a refugee from low. the islamization of europe begins to bear fruits
local media : 2 more people appear to escape martin place , sydney , café amid hostage situation ; 5
how is that ban on any citizen carrying a gun working out for you ?
and how many people are inside ?
and is charging them for a ride home
may they all be safe and the gunman or gunmen be took off the face of the earth
can not like this enough ... please more to come until all are free
flag in window of sydney lindt cafe not an isis flag . reads : ‘ there is no god but
it is not even a difference
the religion of peace and tolerance strikes again. will the world ever wake up ? diversity kills
not but important for media to get facts completely straight in situations like this
unless they surrender peacefully with no one hurt, that is a difference without distinction.
well that is a relief - thought this may have been islamic in nature.
what do you imagine the isis flag says ? just curious.
. that is scum sucking muslim enough to be considered isis by me
that is not a very comforting diff
the black banner is the message.
message same appropriated the flag. difference in hands of gunmen ?
why is this fucking bitch caring so much, still mad paris ... fuck off man
the flag say the same words but different design ?
it is definitely a flag used by isis and every islamic terrorist in the world
: 5 hostages escape from cafe , more trapped , police in contact with gunman
is there only one ?
send the gunman to fucked hell
we still do not know for sure
demanding is flag is a very bad sign.
replay many times and then you will understand the difference between a and a policeman
you said 6 before ... so did sky news ... why ?
better for coordination. sigh.
he apparently said he has two more guys in the city with bombs.
quite safe in with bacon and black pudding on the menu.
breaking update : 2 more hostages leave site
yes watch out dont let the gunner to run away.
bro was logic hay, you r genius
the and the charming image of mr philips. wonderful
yup you got it. another set up job
fire door is still open . swat police at its opening . three people freed .
to be fair though people know what swat means. tag east not so much.
have not policed amp ; abc guest experts requested that people not report on live ops ?
are people freed or they are first people ?
do we have swatted in australia ?
we do not have swatted. this is australia.
some good news. thanks for your reporting.
5 people so far have fled sydney cafe . unknown number of hostages still inside .
the article mentions released as well !
is an apologist for weak socialist hug a camel philosophy. what a pathetic socialist wimp !!!
they are going to cave to his demands and let him talk to him ?
strange. i am watching right now and they said they escaped.
thank you. this is what i call precise.
he will need to go to the toilet at some point to discover his bad planning.
no need to arrest that armed fudge packer. just put him down like dogs
hold the fuck i will be there in a minute.
but there is at least one, right ?
i hope everyone is n side that cafe
well since fled means fled ... they were not released. they escaped
police will not say yet whether they escaped or were released.
5 people so far have fled sydney cafe. unknown number of hostages still inside. via
yes is gonads love peace oneworldyes snap tusk green ok
it is out now is not it. i hope abbott can calm this guy.
hi jay dine. hoping kayo from this event. ingat, god bless.
you are a pretty bad terrorist when you do not even bring your own terrorist flag ...
please read the article in the main link provided above.
from on ray hadley is speculative reports :
ray behaving like racist tool ? who would have thunk it ?!?
ray spouting crap as per usual
at least the terrorists waited until after alan jones finished his shift
the unspoken code from one terrorist to another is extended courtesy
' ray ' nun said
ray is just an idiot. the most dangerous kind.
praying for the hostages in . for speedy rescue and no one harmed .
here is to hoping everyone makes it through this tragedy safely
thanks guys. never thought this day would come.
except for the terrorist. he can die a slow painful death from a gut shot.
you mean no hostages kill the rest
two female hostages have run out of . 5 in total have escaped
two female hostages have run out of. 5 in total have escaped ”
at least one armed offender holding an undisclosed number of hostages , says sydney police
armed offender. next headline will be calling him ' asian '.
at least one armed offender holding an undisclosed number of hostages, says sydney police |
at least one armed offender holding an undisclosed number of hostages, says sydney police
no quite happy today. no anger here.
my deepest thoughts and sympathy to the victims and their families during this sad moment.
i would not like to “ get f'ed “ but thanks for the suggestion you ignorant prick.
probably the most accurate update yet
get fed moron is death to mankind, moderates give it a bad name too.
this is politely saying they do not know anything.
mark my words this savage will kill multiple western civilians. we must destroy islam now.
i am guessing he is a christian terrorist 😳
and thanks for blocking me ! you can not handle the facts, can you ?
at least one armed offender holding an undisclosed number of hostages, says sydney police
just one if this was nyc he would have had his ass kicked by now.
at least one armed offender holding an undisclosed number of hostages, says sydney police
wait what all want to hurt people ?
you are being as closed minded as the terrorists.
no one except want to hurt anyone ! thats not being closed minded fool.
dramatic photo : woman running from cafe , unknown number of hostages remain trapped
you have killed more civilians than any “ terrorist “ organization did and more than hitler
okay but first deport from the mid-east.
get every out we do not want these terrorists
surrender intimidation and terror
that exactly what we should be doing a leave the muslims to live in their own shit
after life is keep buying that we all support that
yes she is in safe hands now
i think we have a deal live us with our own “ shit “
has any of them committed a terrorist attack ? and do not forget australia is a christian majority
see how prophets look at the grace in the hand of evil as punishment for them
who sells his afterlife for his life is the crazy
by them in case of destruction and murder
what is built on wrong stays wrong
i do not need to have a point that satisfies you
all what you have said occurs more often in non-muslims country is
also mid east is a muslim majority
update : u.s. consulate in sydney has been evacuated
anything new on the as well as hostage taker ?
thank you for the up date.
thanks for staying on top of this.
your tweet takes center stage on
update consulate in sydney has been evacuated ”
send in. she can beg them to surrender
could this be the 1st attack caused by the ?
how useful is really ?
update consulate in sydney has been evacuated ”
hostages in sydney right now ... my thoughts and prayers are with you guys . so much hatred in the
can you wish me luck on my exams ?
it never happens here so we hardly ever expect it
tell me about it. we can only hope it can end peacefully.
please i am and do not know what is happening
you are a literal angel sky
like they do not have enough troubles with spiders and nature trying to kill them, now this
you are gonna be fine. i am here for ya.
is not it great ? australia does not need these people at all !!
thank you. you do not know how much that means to me
is happening in this world like truly
oh wow even you know about it wt
help my channel be known ! here is a video of me doing my of is makeup ☺😃
the hostages have been in there for five and a half hours now : l
nsw police + afp are raiding several homes in lakemba right now . more ()
stop re tweeting this stuff - with guns in linda shops have smart phones too !
you guys as media should not be broadcasting anything remotely tactical of police operations
can you confirm if there is 2 terrorists now ? was on channel 7 two mind ago.
new police eight raiding several homes in lakemba right now
no they are get your facts straight !
what about the opera house ?!
this turned out to be false
the flag held in cafe window is a shahadah flag ( left ) not an isis flag ( right )
this is as per wiki
ah so reassuring. then he might just preach islam and leave ?
hope it helps have a good day !
the second is the flag right ?
that flag and the flag are the same. just different writing but share the same message.
they are following your prophet.
how does it matter. they r islamic terrorist and they know to kill
not sure why does it matter if it is wahhabi or isis flag. both are same
you have a great day also ! peace & amp ; love always !
original text copied how disgusting are these pole ? killing in the name of our beloved prophet saw
your prophet told you not to talk to me ?
they are both shad aha flags. isis one in the handwriting of muhammad saw.
only difference is that it is in the handwriting of muhammad saw
liberals say is not islam. they can not say the same for this flag.
what is
and what does the flag say ?
sydney hostage situation . live video : updates :
who cares the game is on !
terrorists hostage crisis. say the words, dare you.
do not appear to be playing anyway. what game ?
hostage situation. live video : : ” prayers
update watch live video from of the hostage situation in sydney, australia -
you are a sad human being
you should not be publishing pics of police positions.
map shows martin place in sydney where hostages are being held in a cafe
map shows martin place in sydney where hostages are being held in a cafe ”
map shows martin place in sydney where hostages are being held in a cafe “
update : " the police did not run to the hostages , they let the girls run to them .
yes sky news showing pictures of hostages escaping
what if one of the escapees will be the gunman ?!
do not know what that comment means but i am proud of new police.
it was horrifying vision john. fear personified.
can we not show these poor freed hostages faces
so the dude dost have a fixed point to shoot to
yes. run forward so that you are both out of cover.
lets just hope that the rest get out safely too
did they know they were coming ?... what a stupid remark !!
if he runs toward her he has to lower his gun
that is really good how they let some hostages out ! they need to leave them alone !!
the first girl looked so scared
sydney : reports of people with their hands up against a window ; black flag with arabic writing - more
difficult to use the word islam is not it
an flag you mean ?
opera house has been evacuated and shut down. police trying to prevent anymore public buildings
that is the ' been ' for you. stupid lefty appeasers
being by anymore loan wolf “ muslim extremists “.
do not it is just the religion of peace.
flag commonly used by jihad groups !
update : the latest footage from sydney shows a man holding a female hostage as a human shield .
you are feeding the terrorists right ? lmao
bloody cowards that is what they are. they are not a representation of islam.
can stop reporting photos or are you guys immune to police directions ?
i do not think they understand the repercussions of this.
vision shows three hostage escaping from the lindt in
vision shows three hostages escaping from the linda in ”
is there a reason we are not blurring their faces as per other broadcasts earlier ?
just wondering if it is wise to show this before everyone is safely out.
vision shows three hostages escaping from the linda in ” shivers
vision shows three hostages escaping from the linda in ”
that is what it looks like they plan on jumping in soon i heard
yep not to mention making the gunman angry if he knows some got away
longer the media hang longer it takes for criminals to have control.
why interview kaiser and valid ally who r apologists for islamist
media should clear off to allow police to immediate & amp ; resolve things quickly.
vision shows three hostages escaping from the linda in ” 😨😨😨
vision shows three hostages escaping from the linda in
yet another hostage has just been forced by the gunman to call the office - passed on his captor is
i feel 4 these innocent people. they were either working or grabbing an idiot crossed their path
who uses the phone has not he heard of twitter or other soc media ?
if it is 10 onto 1 why do not the hostages rally and take this bloke out ?
another post from a hostage within during - showing demands of gunmen ; blacked out by media .
hey i found the page but that is not what is up on the fm page
police have asked for the possibly fake posts to not be shared/posted. let them do their job
please pull this down the police are asking for the safety of the people in the cafe
she really mentions the ' islamic state ' three different times and has time for bullet points ... cc
developing : police appear to storm cafe in sydney where hostages have been held live :
do not understand how the police could endanger the hostages by storming in there. hope nobody died
i hope the terrorist is enjoying his empathy
appear it is over ... injured have been removed ... the gunman has been taken out
. should have sent those police to
it looks like they shoot everywhere !
mt police appear to storm cafe in sydney where hostages have been held live :
developing police appear to storm cafe in sydney where hostages have been held live : ”
developing police appear to storm cafe in sydney where hostages have been held live :
what does the black flag at stand for ?
it is just important to get facts right, misinformation is dangerous
maybe the rape and sexual enslavement justified here :
you are gonna re write history ...... ignorant ? pot kettle
like that is in there ?
do not forget the bible though it was okay to stone babies
so now we have to worry about shiites as well.
not a just have a different opinion to you. all communists identify dissent as trolling.
and has he not declared himself a recent convert to sunnis anyway ? that is what i heard.
what proportion of do you think believe the bible is infallible today ? how many even know stuff
and there are many civilized muslims that respect women and children get over it dickhead
did the entice the koufax with dates and mistake ?
again please back your claims with actual proof not speculation
the also say that. they say similar but not the same.
uh cos i can read
and practiced by book harm etc.
so you are saying it is arabs that are the problem ?
and what book of had its, not all faith are authentic btw.
u can not expect them 2 even respect the religion when they killing their own people.
falls at the feet of men ?
i always wonder why certain things were ok for mo but frowned upon for isis ?
speak for a religion. you know the difference between faith and the eu'ran right ?
course they do. it is a religion of peace.
clearly not so innocuous as far as the perpetrators here are concerned.
that translation for one is not something i can explain i will be honest.
your quoting mass terrorists groups that have killed more muslims than anything ...
like mass execution and sexual slavery ?
yep ... exactly like that. destruction of property. . list goes on.
sorry is whatever ... brain is exploding
well why r u disgusting.
now then anyone else gutted that this is all happening in a chocolate shop ... 💔
4. 24. by the way ignorant is not spent with an ' e '
bullshit. stop being such a fucking cop out. jihad is jihad.
truth no normal backs him, just desperate people that have nothing.
why does the caption above photo say it symbolizes engagement in jihad.
a book promoted by a known, war lord & amp ; rapist. nice start to a religion
plenty of people in who do not even know how to write syntactical english.
no. it is nothing to do with muslims in general.
and the early presided over a great deal of massacres, rape and slavery actually.
there is no such thing as marital rape in islam.
yes holding it up for some reason.
okay so who was raped and warlord ? you have been reading too much out of context material
about as nice as the bible.
but no one is stoning babies in 2015. move on from that one
maybe a qualified scholar like abe bar al-baghdadi, who has a phd in islamic studies.
the eu'ran is the word of god, passed down via the angel gabriel to mohammad (pbuh)
the hostage taker is actually just a nut job.
that is the unpalatable truth the right-on brigade continue to skirt round.
i am saying in this picture, specifically, someone does not know how to write syntactical arabic.
turns out hostage taker is iranian, so a ship and implacably opposed to/by isis.
from some comments i read u would think most islamist wants to have us over for tea.
now how many believe the'an to be the infallible command of allah ?
last time i checked that was not in the duran, women are highly respected. +
never mind crusade what about cia interrogation !
you forget the history if the crusades !
flag in sydney cafe where hostages are being held ' is not linked with is '
how would you know this ? were you looking for a russian wife ?
uh oh ... would not want to be him ! lol
lone wolf cell of / isis related
you owed him a good ribbing ! lol
his in address registered to uk male.
you are preaching to the choir ! lol
yup. its an ashtray.
he is being a brat. i am about to put him into timeout.
but is it linked with muslim scum ?
they might want to try writing in english on their flags. rather than jumbo.
oh how cute. i wonder what pr firm is website she stole the profile picture from ?
i already found what i was looking for
. here is the link to his pic
i will ask a friend of mine to find his real name and address. expose the brave soul
but heavily fucking linked to islam
irk he is too hard to stay mad at.
it is he will just charm you into not being mad ! lol
another anonymous racist pretending to be women, how brave !
well it is definitely not a nestle takeover !
. so just in general then ?
shut terrorist tramp.
developing : hostage situation in sydney , australia . updates : video :
do not bother. go they have taken the geo block off
a hostage runs towards a police officer outside lindt cafe
i can see two of them !
a hostage runs towards a police officer outside linda cafe ”
reports two customers and an employee have escaped the
you are reporting a report ? what is your source ?
reports two customers and an employee have escaped the
is a militia group equal more to the ira than al-qaeda, and isis are radicalized theocratic nationalists
state they are an oddity for sure
and by that you mean only saudi arabia and qatar, which are actually regularly governed nations
also a highly progressive nation which has (well after 1945) an impeccable human rights record
clearly not the new testament that says love your enemies it seems
here is to all the hostages getting safe passage on this day !
you do realize are only incrementally different from christians. they even worship jesus as well
breaking : hostages taken in central café , jihadist flag held against window
sure there is more than one gunman
seriously lettering “. whats that ? a new term you just invented ?
they said to stop reporting police tactics !!!! you are putting hostages in danger !
this flag is look like front of nasa is flag
stop tweeting picture for please !!!
whats to stop psychos from beheading these hostages ? just for the fun of it ?
more swat teams surround hostage capture site, evacuated ” rt
update hostages forced to hold islamic flag, at least one extremist on site – local reports
this is coming here unless they act now definitely
what if there are more than one gunman ? you do not want to take such risk.
maybe they are not as hot to kill as you, zit.
is nowhere without the threat of some muslim nut job wanting to be a martyr ?
thats not the same flag.
do not spread this info !!! do not spread images, terrorists can watch social media !!!
may the swat team sniper the terrorists speedily.
the goal should be getting everyone out safely.
agreed. but the longer this goes on ... the more their chances drop
breaking hostages taken in central cafe, jihads flag held against window ”
apparently the word sniper never entered anyone mind
more swat teams surround hostage capture site, evacuated
its a standard flag.
at least 13 people taken hostage in cafe – local reports
gunman caught on a middle-aged man wearing islamic lettering banana
sydney siege : police enter cafe as hostages flee the scene , gunfire heard , reports of an injured person
thanks so much for sharing. just added it here :
just in : 2 women have just run from sydney cafe during ongoing hostage situation -
human rights under attack as the uk increases support for
just in 2 women have just run from sydney cafe during ongoing hostage situation - ”
just in 2 women have just run from sydney cafe during ongoing hostage situation - ”
that gunman not do nothing its just a scare
just in 2 women have just run from sydney cafe during ongoing hostage situation - ”
that fact that so many hostages easily run to freedom implies 1 gun man
live ammunition and stun grenades used by police as they stormed cafe moments ago .
rt live ammunition and stun grenades used by police as they stormed cafe moments ago.
live ammunition and stun grenades used by police as they stormed cafe moments ago. ”
abc understands the national security committee of cabinet has just wrapped up a meeting about the
understands sweet fa. you promote jihads every week. rack off you treacherous scum
a picture of the gunman inside lindt cafe at martin place . updates :
are any parliamentarians going to offer themselves in a hostage swap to show solidarity with past policies ?
ye pretty troll thing to do
police asking us all not to share photos on social media - please revise your editorial tactics today !
how is this responsible reporting ? disgusting.
did not the police request that no photos be shared on social media ?? good one
also where’s the proof he’s the gunman ? he could be a customer. asian people drink coffee too
why because failed to learn the lessons from europe
are to offer themselves in hostage swap every time this happens to show concern for average australians ?
i have to agree normally u would expect something dumb like this from
news ltd listening to law enforcement ? i do not think so.
tell me chief inspector vance is downunda ? !!!!
can cause unnecessary harm. ' - why are you posting this photo !?
you need to delete this.
agree although worth asking the question.
sickening . stay safe sydney . praying hard for all the hostages inside x
yes on the cold but not too cold that my nose falls off
still praying for everyone i hope they get out safely
yes id where it can even be international if you want
yes really like really love you
you choose a city and ill choose one
what city i like big cities
5 out. and just maybe another one. xx
with lots of art and cold weather and nice coffee shops and loudness
yeah like buffalo new or something is too cold
i hate money can i just walk to your house and hand make your christmas gifts
horrifying situation - siege at sydney is martin place lindt cafe . reports of up to 20 people held hostage
social media companies have allowed for the viral grooming of individuals to support and sympathies with
i hope things turn out for the better ...
at is martin place cafe. reports of up to 20 people held hostage inside via
. why it does not make any sense
this is not looking good ....
sydney airspace was not closed . a second terror suspect was not arrested . myths around debunked .
hardly myths. merely unconfirmed reporting.
whale is teeth is as diplomatic a thug as ever bashed a 17 year old.
no way he is a right wing extremist
i am fascinated by ray harley is role in. genuine intermediary or opportunistic blowhard ?
sometimes i hate mm so much ” harley is not mainstream.
but there is nothing mainstream about him.
most popular back “ say the blurbs
gee that is a conundrum. ray harley genuine intermediary or opportunistic blowhard ?
no way he is a right wing extremist ” 👍
that should no he is a raw extremist. which he is.
sometimes i hate mm so much
doing what does best ” indeed.
err typhoon an intermediary ???? lol collapses on floor with laughter ......
i think you and i both know that answer
they will not. feeds the rednecks ' paranoia with his own ego.
he does not need the ratings he is number 1 by a mile
more than likely
ray has rated number one in sydney since 2004. truly hope rwnj is makeup
i do so appreciate a debunk story headline/tweet which actually contains debunks rather than a confusing/leading question.
i think you and i both know that answer ” yep.
sydney hostage crisis :
is that an flag ? rt sydney hostage crisis :
not an flag you long
someone should call mad max.
not taking girl hostage
a loud bang was reportedly heard moments before a group of hostages fled the cafe
i do not know what to think anymore.
the scenario of this ugly movie is written by zionists and their allies.
. nice story in sydney
put your hands in the air like the party don ' stop !
nsw police have confirmed that the siege is over , but have not commented on injuries
thank god it is hoping the people getting medical attention are not too badly injured
rt new police have confirmed that the siege is over, but have not commented on injuries
what about the bomb disposal unit ?
new police have confirmed that the siege is over, but have not commented on injuries ”
this is the exclusion zone currently in place in sydney is cbd .
exclusion zone currently in place in is cd
: man monis has been named as the gunman behind the .
did not the police say not to publish or post his name online.
so they supposedly got permission.
why is no other mention being made of this man by other news sources ?
concern only for their ratings. respect for human lives ' comes second. sad.
now y'all are experiencing the median incompetence we deal with in america. it is unbelievable.
that is media for you. the only care about a good story
not a surprise of the press. why endangering the well being of the hostages ? why dammit !!!!
man monks has been named as the gunman behind the. ”” look
why would you tweet his name
exactly what i am freaking thought !
the war widow letter writer ?
police gave the all clear.
man monks has been named as the gunman behind the. ”
i thought the media was told not to release that information ?
man monks has been named as the gunman behind the. ” :
breaking photo appears to show suspect -- more here :
sniper that sum rich. what the ?
terrorist breaking photo appears to show suspect -- more here : ”
breaking photo appears to show suspect -- more here : ”
breaking photo appears to show suspect -- more here :
sniper needs to take that sob out.
first coming out now ! “ : breaking photo appears to show suspect : ”
just shot the fucker between the eyes
breaking photo appears to show suspect -- more here : ”
breaking photo appears to show suspect -- more here :
hostage situation erupts in sydney cafe , australian prime minister says it may be " politically motivated "
in other sky is blue.
may be really ? (forehead smack)
u r just now reporting on this ? wow
politically motivated really why is that then ?
little late on the are not you ?
it is in this is from a few hours ago.
checks watch need a few more hours for your lawyers to check your facts ? lol
he is a terrorism, stop pussy footing around it.
is headed there to beg the hostage takers to surrender.
govt language specialists defined these words as all-encompassing meaning any action perpetrated against australian citizens
authorities have not yet had direct contact with the hostage taker at a sydney café , official says .
where the heck is covering this. you are showing a windsor documentary ... wt
not but i love that chant !
jerk. this is not funny.
no worries has just been briefed -- should be over at any time now -- whew !!!!
he just wanted some tams
a bullet needs to contact his head !
. it’s a chocolate shop, not a cafe, no alien involvement
me neither i love it too !!
in we have combined linda stores and cafes. they indeed serve coffees/pastries/cakes as a cafe
not even close to being humorous. get a life.
i see the creator in the protesters. simply put, love thou neighbor.
isis flag visible as gunman seizes sydney cafe , holds hostages
visible as gunman seizes sydsydneyfe , ,ldsadsstages ”
flag visible as gunman seizes sydney cafe, holds hostages ”
fuck that bring them to korea concentration camps my night
do you think your boys will be saying anything about this ? or nah ?
oh flag visible as gunman seizes sydney cafe, holds hostages ”
they said it connects to the islamic state
flag visible as gunman seizes sydney cafe, holds hostages via
says the school reject * 🔥
its not flag its jabhat-al nasa.
not flag. stop with the wrong information
chill i do not need an isis member watching me then having me disappear the next day
flag visible as gunman seizes sydney cafe, holds hostages “ mad away day that
oh shit man i am looking into in and it is not good
we should send them to guantanamo bay
i know but not 100%
we are from new jersey. they are too scared of the crack heads and gangs
is it bad i automatically assumed that it was isis ? but i was correct ...
said no one ever *
sucks that do not got a twitter
let is start a petition to make concentration camps for all isis members
hey we are not that scary !
yea that is why i said that, with them being aussies and all
flag visible as gunman seizes sydney cafe, holds hostages ” 😳😳
it is a flag :
five hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from
is she an actress this photo makes my conspiracy senses tingle ... ya ' know ?
five hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from ”
5 hostages escape sydney cafe siege — live updates from ”
whoa die vine. rt five hostages escape sydney cafe siege
. ..... anything is possible.
this really saddens me. why can not people just get along ? those people are innocent
she is kinda cute considering she is all scared out of her mind and all.
update : aerials are coming in from sydney opera house , with reports it has also been evacuated .
get these guys and show we will not be intimidated
twisted idea of what religion is
praying so hard right now. 🙏
this is shot that captures the : sheer terror/relief of escaped hostages , incredible work of
amen to that bloody media. leave the poor girl alone.
some people have no heart taking series when around the area
i understand what you are saying but that would kind of defeat the purpose, apt.
why is her face not obscured ? think about the family.
i am just finding a lot of the gratuitous photo tweeting a bit of a strain.
the identity of hostages should not go public
so relieved some have released. the experience will haunt them though. brave police.
agreed. no naming hostages. we do not need to know. please respect them.
a shot that captures the : sheer terror/relief of escaped hostages ” so distressing
better than the cretins posting series from the same area
more gun shots and loud bangs are coming from as heavily armed police stormed café .
more gun shots and loud bangs are coming from as heavily armed police stormed cafe.
peaceful why ass have lot to answer for
update : 13 hostages inside sydney coffee shop near sydney opera house ; abbott will deliver a statement shortly .
of course it just had to be 13
this is not near the opera house ! it is in martin place.
a heartstopping moment as this hostage gets out of the cafe :
take this it is wrong
a heart stopping moment as this hostage gets out of the cafe : ” 😔❤️
not sure we she is making vines out of terrified victims tho ?
amazing judgment i love our cops !!
do not under estimate the red blooded females of this country ... i would have a go !
very well said. females definitely not to be underestimated
this is exploitation of someone is distress. very poor judgment here
there are reportedly 13 hostages in the siege at martin place , sydney cbd - watch us live for continuous
support a to avoid giving hostage takers a platform for their message camp ; risking future copycats
i think at present the abc should do all it can to report facts in a balanced fashion.
hope they make it home to their families for christmas such a horrible situation right now.
what about the that is very abc of you
what i meant was their family could be watching and find it deeply distressing.
sky news are saying the opera house is also been evacuated
please stop showing those girls faces - that is someone is daughter or sister or friend
the images that were being shown yesterday were only of females. probably not so relevant today anyhow.
this is i do not feel safe in the country i was born in.
number of hostages may be incorrect do.
very sad they must be stopped now !!!
latest on hostage situation according to : reportedly 13 hostages in the siege at cd
i feel so much for the hostages in sydney . i also feel for law-abiding muslims in australia . the
some of the journalism this afternoon has been below gutter level
yep there is some utter scumbags out there unfortunately.
some of the ignorance going around is astounding. news corp media down here not helping either.
most racist country i have ever been to. they will not react well to this.
considering its yeah it will be nasty.
6 hours about 3 hours into the media circus :
my recent rt hopefully shows faith in humanity
indeed in has. on par with the social media commentary that surrounds australia day.
we have gotta try amp ; hold it together.
backlash has already started in some sections of the media unfortunately. no-win situation for all concerned.
always saddening to see having to denounce the actions of an extremist minority. preempting the vitriol.
completely agree. it will be very hostile.
the hate filled racist bs has already started unfortunately.
only one no terrorist ' in there holding more than 10 hostages ?
tomorrow the exclusion zone will stay in place in sydney - if you work in the area please stay at
what no media blackout and no fly zone what kind of police state is this !
uber offers free rides during sydney hostage crisis after surge pricing …
an artist views. an archaic industrial view
terrified faces of hostages taken by jihadists in sydney . instead of worrying about " image of islam " ,
yeah this scum seems to be related to each other, one way or another.
hang a few moments ago you were worrying about the nature of the flag on display ...
they are in our 🙏
says apparently these people are acting human shields to protect at least one gunman in the coffee shop
u we really should pray 4 those poor hostages.
finally some common sense from somebody .... human life is first and foremost ...
agree the banner cannot be more blood stained. sends a prayer for the hostage
they are all in our prayers.
terrorists to be precise .... not jihads
thank you we are worrying but also praying hard down here.
i mean it has nothing to do with muslims who do not believe in this extreme or literal interpretation
this has nothing to do with other muslims. stop trying to conflate the two issues together
also worry that it is coming here. run
hi sorry if i got the wrong end of the stick lovey xxx
why people fear to speak up ...? how they gonna solve the problem unless they recognize it ...
haron monis , hostage-taker in : fled 96 , suspect in ex-wife killing , 46 sex assaults
guess what these are the type of individuals that ' water boarding ' intends to discover.
apparently he was out on bail ! some judge has questions to answer.
and patronized him in hate of i guess.
is he consider as terrorist or just a criminal person as his faith not sunni islam ?
quite a isn’t he. sick man.
why was this mad man not behind bars ? ugh
indeed. wondering why he was not locked up or deported when he was accused ...
is there a headline writer position at your place of employment ?
ray hadley says he spoke with hostage , and could hear the gunman in the background barking orders and demanding
do we know the person has a gun ?
shoot him where his is since islam cherish it soon much.
is ray prepared to go in wearing a wire ?
prefer to listen to than the terrorist deniers at their abc
ray the worst batter in the country ? you listen to that nitwit.
there must be a way to enter that building ?
could this be a response test by terrorist group about our emergency and anti terrorist services
breaking : police enter cafe , hostages flee
breaking police enter cafe, hostages flee ”
breaking police enter cafe, hostages flee
breaking police enter cafe, hostages flee ”
live : police have entered the sydney cafe where an armed assailant was holding hostages . watch
illegal for to own guns so only criminals have them, leaving law abiding citizens defenseless. horrible
mt live police have entered cafe watch
breaking : 2 more hostages escape sydney cafe , local media report
analyst has strong suspicion the sydney event is a staged false flag drama
1 man employee & amp ; 2 women employees was running out multiple exits
we would like to know if they are men, women, or children.
analyst feels this sydney drama is a staged false flag operation
must be the worst terrorists in the world.
breaking hostages held in sydney , australia , cafe with an islamic flag displayed in window , according to local
does not sound good. call obama he will pay them off and give them some terrorists.
ignored pleas to extradite hostage taker & gt ; & gt ;:
you are an idiot.
breaking : 2 more people seen fleeing sydney building at center of hostage drama , bringing total of those who
please i need 250 votes to win. please share.
i hope all escape and hope that idiot gets arrested ! scary
hope it will end well.
how many people are inside now ?
you are a racist maniac.
lunatics using their fucking religion go to hell1st johann charity event johann papers give back
hostages held in sydney cafe , islamic flag seen in window : local tv
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv ”
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv ”
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv ” 😧
just yesterday someone directed me to read the history of australia and their treatment of the aboriginal people
kill all kill them all kill their families kill their children kill them all
are you serious ?
hostages held in sydney cafe, islamic flag seen in window : local tv ”
not is flag. it is a testimony quote. siege perpetrated by idiotic wannabes.
thoughts go out to family of hostages in let is hope this is not attack
live coverage of the sydney cafe hostage siege on and at
where are the snipers perfect kill shot
do not be too sure ... low !
poor hostages and their loved ones, my heart goes out to them.
bet he is a backward convert.
ten news has received a video in which a hostage relays the gunman is demands . at police request we
can not put the toothpaste back into the tube. you have already released details.
they we like to deliver a black is flag.
there are video is on youtube
thanks for the reply. i have a right to know.
what about the connection. he is well known to police
he wants an flag delivered and wants to speak to tony abbott the prime minster on the telephone
i reckon that he should be unidentified forever hugh. does not deserve any publicity one iota.
brilliant. do not encourage these fanatics by making them celebrities !
makes you wonder why he does not he just upload it to facebook.
not censorship but a request to work together in saving hostage is lives.
well done gang good decision here keep up your great work
well lets hope you respect that. this is not a bloody soap opera his is real life
all due but since when did the police censor the media ?
seems like it. they do not seem to be too concerned about hostages.
but some just do not get it.
right. a matter of opinion. i certainly would not be putting him/them in that category ta tho
it is extremely unusual for events like this to happen without the demands attended to
did not work too well then did it ?
if it saves lives then why not ?
there is soon much more to this than we think
no actually i do not. we do not need to know everything
there is that part ... with all due respect
why would you even want to see videos ?!
sydney siege : hostages held at martin place cafe
not a just a realist ! i do not live in fairy land !
siege hostages held at martin place cafe ”
you you just get funnier by the day
fuck off it is people like you that allow these things to happen !
all the more reason to deport muslims. they are rubbish.
did not know all muslims could fit inside that little cafe ....
thinking of you from canada
siege hostages held at martin place cafe ”
siege hostages held at martin place cafe ”
fucking and fuck the weak leadership from both useless leaders and
actually it seems you know nothing about islam, go read the koran you piece of shit !
rt siege hostages held at martin place cafe
by the way it is a sahara flag not an is flag ....
three people spotted running out of cafe , shielded by heavily armed police .
hopes everyone gets home safe & amp ; sound for christmas !!
update : police have confirmed that live ammunition was used as heavily armed police stormed the café in .
i hope they killed that bastard & amp ; that the hostages were unharmed.
what else would they use besides live ammo ?
live ammunition really as opposed to ... blanks ? toy weapons ?
for those confused : gunmen have taken hostages in a sydney cafe holding a shahada flag ( not the same
it is too long to explain in a tweet. i would give it a google
all good man just got to watch the way you phrase things
so the flag they held was the flag of jihad ?
it is not an state flag you fuck wit
do not respond to them. they then think that they deserve to be heard.
i mainly just meant those muslims who are involved but yeah i get what you mean sorry
is this not an flag ?
apparently that have things set up all over the city
you are a moron wishing this shit on any country.
the flag is is flag then ?
this is i hoped stuff like this would only ever happen in america
the flag and the islamic state flag (right) are completely different
of course it is the islamic flag. it represents all muslims including isis
does not the flag have part of the sahara flag ?
absolutely agree terrorists of any kind do not deserve mercy !
yeah the one on the left
paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in .
rt paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in.
aside from yeah.
i just pray the hostages will all live to see another day.
rt paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in. ”
terrorist was corralling hostages. thats when they stormed cafe.
paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in. ”
my only issue with shooting him in the head was that it is too quick of a death.
watching on assume scumbag is dead.
this peaceful resolution shit just resulted in dead and wounded hostages
no but terrorists do love their explosives.
that was probably a from police
paramedics are currently carrying out a number of hostages in. ”
many people are writing to me rejoicing that there is a hostage situation in sydney . that they are somehow
bloody typical. people are dicks
they are nothing but a bunch of cunts
thank god. i have neither a gun nor a big dick. lol
you mean like the exact post you have commented on ?
i did not say i was the comparison sample.
there is a report he has bombs. let is hope it is not true.
fair enough. have a good night.
i do not perceive this post to be of that nature, no.
by the word retard i mean someone who would use a gun in a bad way to hurt others
men that love guns have small dicks. i have never met anyone to prove that theory wrong.
this will be a political chew toy for years if it ends violently
of course it would appear that way, your black !
guns should be banned in usa. every retard has one there
seven people reportedly taken away on stretchers , with paramedics treating five .
stop saying they are policed.
they give bad name to islam. they are cause of separation between communities.
the numbers who have gone to turkey and into the hands of isis from uk speaks for themselves
praying that all hostages and the hostage taker survive, and justice is served swiftly and aptly to him
gt praying all hostages survive. horrific experience for them.
mt 7 people reportedly taken away on stretchers paramedics treat five ”
civilians were slaughtered and killed like animals ' mercy. children killed.
hint look up marathon and sandy hook ! look up crisis actors do your own research !
the people that went lived in a good country who looked after them obviously not enough
well they have certainly achieved that in a country that has been kind to them they are traitors
in relation to we do not know what letters are authentic and what not.
horse in just the tip if the iceberg why are so many radicalized in this lovely country
mosque and school it is more of media reporting, live coverage of innocent lives being massacred.
drug trafficking etc. criminal walking free, crime going undetected etc.
terrorist taken out in a body bag.
the teenagers that crossed border to go syria, was taken advantage of by isis.
images and videos emerged on social networking sites, including news channels, confirms who committed penal offenses.
this country not only has terrorist to tackle, pedophiles, gang trafficking young girls into sex industry.
why would authority protect sex offenders ? force marriage happens behind closed doors.
spot on and authority who protected sex offenders because they were asian also failed to stop forced marriages
nasty terrorists these are innocent people not politicians
terrorist has no boundary or morals, they have their own motive, they have no religion.
is not innocent neither do they count the cost of innocence
presuming their intention was to fight with the opposition in order to save innocent palestine lives.
unfortunately religion breeds fanaticism which motivates terrorists australia was not his mother country he was welcome
a crime is a crime regardless of sex, color or race.
update : airspace over sydney has been shut down . live coverage :
not true. how come u are reporting ignorant tweets from people that have no idea ?
do you think will call it “ workplace violence “ ?
if you do not overkill “ and take this serious before you know it you have another 911
seriously that sou ends like overkill for 2 young stupid men in a cafe
taking things too far is exactly what cases excessive response. now get off my time line
hostages taken by gunman update : airspace over sydney has been shut down.
drivers let response crews on get through !
has called gov wanting this classed as workplace violence ?
update airspace over sydney has been shut down. live coverage : ”
several more hostages flee from cafe under siege in sydney , local media say
several more hostages flee from cafe under siege in sydney, local media say ”
... hostages in a ? for 2 days ?..... australian crime is hilarious
several more hostages flee from cafe under siege in sydney, local media say ”
several more hostages flee from cafe under siege in sydney, local media say ” 🙏🙏
apparently they stuck out when he went for a piss
several more hostages flee from cafe under siege in sydney, local media say ” thank god
blessings check out the latest radio show anytime ! or rt ty
ends with shootout leaving two dead and more injured
rt ends with shootout leaving two dead and more injured
ends with shootout leaving two dead and more injured مركز اضبش
ends with shootout leaving two dead and more injured ” newton jesus 😭😭🙏
hope the two dead were the muslim terrorists
rt ends with shootout leaving two dead and more injured
what is the source no confirmation on deaths except one outlet so far.
ends with shootout leaving two dead and more injured ” diabolical and sad news
isis -holding a cafe hostage in sydney- forcing hostages to press isis flags against the windows hot !
is there a live feed somewhere
u know there is some fucked up people who wants to see him blow up himself
dick head it is not confirmed its jihads extremists. do not speculate
yea ill link in 2 secs in not near comp
really hope this guy does not have explosives too : i
: police have stormed the lindt chocolate cafe in martin place
watching it now on hundreds of shots fired
and at least they have not cut back their emergency services like the uk ...
keep feeding the frenzy you wankers what speculative vacuous nonsense. what inconsiderate and unprofessional reporting
rt police have stormed the linda chocolate cafe in martin place
just had a notification about that from sky. gunfire heard.
this was it one year ago
police have stormed the linda chocolate cafe in martin place ”
why are you showing live movements of the cops ? this can’t be good for them !
praying that everyone is safe “ : : police have stormed the linda chocolate cafe in martin place ”
reports are coming in of a hostage situation at a cafe in the australian city of sydney
good god ... hopefully there is a jules winnifeild type character there to save them all 😢
do not know please do not go out today !
yup. get it. glad you clarified it. and humor is omnipresent with me.
jokes aside there is a fully armed police force surrounding the building
i will know who to blame then if it ends badly.
yes its do keep up
yup. and all of this is in the name of religion.
why take over a chocolate factory/care ?
why take over a chocolate factory/cafe ?????
my dad just said on xmas day the germans and english played a football match truce match
was the food really that bad then ???
one day yes just one day my friend peace
for only you can buy 10k followers
yes true jokes aside hope all gets sorted peacefully send in the c.i.a
was the food really that bad get the chef low
oh right. i just pray there will be no casualties.
not an must be another group of lovable fascists.
sounds like responsible coverage. any word on the odds of it ending in a fatality ?
: 2 women flee , a total of 5 hostages now free
the most secular people in the world are terrorists ... because !!!
analyst assesses drama to be “ cia run false flag “ --
this was the stupidest attack ever
2 women flee, a total of 5 hostages now free ”
update : after price hikes , says all rides will be free for passengers leaving area
hits keep coming rt after price hikes, says all rides free leaving area
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
very honorable of you here is to hoping everyone makes it through this tragedy safely
ya it is in the article too updated. awk situation for them
finally after price hikes says all rides free for passengers leaving area ”
too damage has been done
they realized it at least now. previous tweet from user was totally unacceptable.
really can not get anything right lately, can it ?
yes i saw that earlier.
bit too late says all rides will be free for passengers leaving area ”
update after price hikes all rides will be free for passengers area ”
pr mt update : says all rides free for passengers leaving area
siege erupts : at least 7 hostages released . police fire live ammunition as they move into building .
police paramedics also reviving multiple people injured. suspect believed killed on sight.
can they not overturn his asylum lee and send him back to iran ?
: the man at the centre of the has been named as man haron monis
this should shame our justice system
this siege is very convenient for tony abbott
the man at the center of the has been named as man aaron monks
the man at the center of the has been named as man aaron monks ”
i hope the outcome will be peaceful
that is one word for it
i hope you have released that name with careful consideration.
the man at the center of the has been named as man aaron monks ”
rt the man at the center of the has been named as man aaron monks
reports appears to be over . two people are confirmed dead , three in serious condition .
it has not been confirmed. it is suspected.
no one has been confirmed dead as the police have not released any statements yet
rt reports appears to be over. two people are confirmed dead, three in serious condition.
no wonder why people think you are from aussie
it is called praying for those affected
no one has been confirmed dead. source : i am australian
no media have confirmed this
thank again to radical
do not dismiss the ties ! you look ridiculous
this is totally irresponsible and disrespectful. call yourself a journalist ? no injuries/deaths have been confirmed !
breaking : sydney on lockdown as dramatic siege unfolds
breaking on lock down as dramatic siege unfolds ”
watch the guns disappear in australia in record time
. people are dangerous and stupid.
after criticism , uber now picking riders in downtown sydney for free during hostage crisis .
how about just charge regular rates ? it is like they only do extremes.
possibly the best example of social media is ability to influence events in real time.
do they know who are the hostages ? god be with them.
and now i wonder if the drivers are still getting paid !
so who is paying the cab fare ?
only if they are not trying to get in
that does not seem to make sense ? rides are free but rates are high ?
user. and gouging on prices during a supply crisis is simply to encourage more sales.
update : -5 hostages have escaped - " no one has been injured ” per
hoping and praying this ends soon. ”
need to arrest them and give them the law !!!
. if no one was injured, why has one of the male hostages been taken to hospital ?
pray for lt
there are strong indications this is a two false flag --
this is messed up what did those innocent people do to deserve that ????
if anyone is to believe terrorists, it is because they exist. terrorists = no moral base.
really siege do people have to hash tag everything ?
the fear and the relief on her face “ : update : ”
let us for the hostages taken in , sydney as well as for the police handling the situation & amp
perhaps a ecumenical “ pray “ with some passages from the duran to start off with ????
pray for them.
breaking : gunfire heard in vicinity of sydney cafe where hostages are being held , state broadcaster reports .
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
: police confirm only one armed suspect is holding undisclosed number of hostages at a cafe
via black op anons of australia expose the truth do not trust media
funny when is seen as a prophet of islam.
does he have a suicide vest ?
good. sooner or later he will fall asleep.
we pray for the safety of hostage, any malaysian ?
police confirm only 1armed suspect is holding undisclosed number of hostages at a cafe ”
live : ' islamists ' take 20 hostages in sydney cafe siege
this incident sound like another regulation conspiracy against the muslims in australia
live ' islamist ' take 20 hostages in sydney cafe siege ”
poor souls ' god shield and protect them.
live ' islamist ' take 20 hostages in sydney cafe siege ”
ignorant bastards. typical news media. fxck y'all.
is good people. those hickyakers are only terrorist, criminals
live ' islamist ' take 20 hostages in sydney cafe siege
hadley confirms he is speaking to a hostage inside the cafe . he says the gunman is listening to multiple
so not is ?
. is lying his ass off.
so does anybody trust ray harley not to say the wrong thing ?
how the fuck is this ok !?
get off the phone !
but is full of shit.
. time for radio stations to play classical music.
reports medicos have given cpr to two persons . it is unknown whether they are hostages at this stage .
oh my god. please look after these poor people.
heavenly please heal the wounded sidney siege hostages.
heavenly please heal the wounded sidney siege hostages.
thanks for the instant updates.
breaking : live coverage of hostage situation unfolding in sydney is martin place
is that the chocolate cafe ?
wee had go were a far sheet are on del moooslims brad
rt live coverage of hostage situation unfolding in sydney is martin place
i hope this is not what it looks like i hope everyone comes out safe
what a horrible situation ... just hope it is not isis ... it will not end well ...
mt live coverage of hostage situation unfolding in sydney is martin place
terrifying breaking hostage situation unfolding in sydney is martin place ”
that is not the flag.
if it is cut off the oxygen right now. no coverage.
sydney hostage situation . live video : updates :
well it is about damn time. sydney hostage situation. live video : updates :
president has been briefed - wow i feel so much safer now ! really is that news.
i guess they have no twitter watchers. its amazing individuals can scoop national news networks.
can take care of their own.
you calling it terrorism or dancing around it per usual ?
no comment on the visible flag ??
praying for a safe outcome rt : sydney hostage situation. video :,
5 people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation :
i sure hope the hostage taker gets out. feet first and room temp.
stop showing their they are going to have enough trouble without forever being linked with this event
5 people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation : ”
5 5 people have been able to get out of cafe : ”
5 people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation : ”
5 people have been able to get out of sydney cafe during hostage situation : ”
radical again spreading terror.
definitely adding that tweet to my
update : hostages in sydney cafe brandishing black shahada flags , identical to those used by isis . -
rt opera house evacuated after suspicious package found. -
identical imagine that. oh but wait, the do not stand for islamic does it ?
good drama v saw these b4 angst iraq afghanistan and in swat for preparation of ground support !!!
if as is security agency is so good why did not they detect these bastards sooner ?
update opera house evacuated after suspicious package found. -
young woman carried out with blood running down her left leg .
2 people given ... one hostage one police officer.
young woman carried out with blood running down her left leg. ” no
this is horrible praying that that is the worst
here is hoping that is the worst that happens to any innocent person
rt young woman carried out with blood running down her left leg.
tv pictures show two more people emerging from sydney lindt café -- they appear to be staff members
crackdown on journalists revenge for dec. 17 and 25 operations ’
kill those terrorist hang them to death
better watch the terrorists with suits and ties
that is 5 unharmed hostages so far and there has been no violence
read nonwhite better story
all evidence so far points to this drama being a staged false flag stunt
or not nonwhite hope they are hanged soon ! with terrorists no mercy !
aprons were the first clue.
three things about time to wake up people.
the whole of is being held hostage for years ! see what it is like australia ?
i hope police will eliminate these terrorists crushing them like cockroaches !
that is true. nice question
makes you thankful. thoughts are with all those involved in and hope a peaceful outcome awaits 🙏
if is a religion of peace, should not islamic extremist be extremely peaceful ? wake up !
latest : reports of an incident at sydney opera house
latest reports of an incident at sydney opera house ”
keep your head down and keep in touch.
latest reports of an incident at sydney opera house ”
same. thinking of you.
incident just occurred here too : i am having lunch
i found this as failure of police and state dept who did not keep an eye on aaron monks
latest reports of an incident at sydney opera house ”
. no incident at opera house - all ok but in lock down - rehearsals still going on.
breaking news : hostage situation developing in sydney cafe reportedly 13 hostages held by at least 2 gunman
please do not tweet photos of police. terrorists are monitoring social media
with merry right under it. how disgusting !
you can never find a sniper when you need one !!!
and mos sad orchestrated this to influence the west to invade iran
is it wrong of me to say that i hope he dies very, very soon ?
breaking photo first images of one sydney hostage taker, middle aged man wearing black banana - news7
welcome to ... more islamic terror to come
time to and say no to muslims everywhere. americans ignorant of the facts.
just in : flag in cafe window confirmed to be that of jabah al-nusra , says islamic terror expert on
does it really matter they all want to kill us
nope nothing to do with islam. no islam to see here ; move along.
and have agreed to work together so not surprised they now perform domestic terrorism
reports from sydney , australia , that a cafe is being held up , isis flag displayed , hostages at
. i had lunch at this cafe last year !
who would have thought that sydney would be the place where isis would carry out their plans.
not the flag but bat shit crazy just the same.
the morning herald – is the daily paper in sydney, fyi.
nobody tells fox news.
flag does not look like isis one
in rt reports isis flag displayed in window of cafe where hostages held. see tweets
apparently not but
breaking update : us consulate in sydney has been evacuated and us citizens there being warned to be on high
think this will loosen up gun control in australia ?
ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago
ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago ” oh god 😨
rt ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago ”
rt ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago ”
ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago ”
seeing them do on one of the injured is disconcerting.
rt ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago
ambulance workers rush injured out moments ago ”
update : 6th hostage escapes from cafe
hang on ... sky reporting 6th
no 6 hostage where did you get that from
escapes or released ?
these two are not even at “ stand to “ ! its a bloody disgrace !
is that one of the famous sydney backpackers
tense. update 6th hostage escapes from cafe ”
rt update 6th hostage escapes from cafe
update 6th hostage escapes from cafe ”
13 hostages are being held in a sydney store by apparent jihadist supporters
lets see if the mm really covers this
breaking news rt 13 hostages are being held in a store by apparent jihads supporters
i can only hope that sash kills them all.
breaking news rt 13 hostages being held in a store by apparent jihads supporters
apparent presumes unconfirmed. rt 13 hostages being held in a sydney store by apparent jihads supporters
why are some reports say 40 customers and ten employees.
13 hostages are being held in a sydney store by apparent jihads supporters ” rt
13 hostages are being held in a sydney store by apparent jihads supporters ”
. follow live siege center. watch our friends bc wash
more : alleged isis militants take hostages in busy sydney cafe -developing -
great product placement. me sačuvaj !
more alleged isis militants take hostages in busy sydney cafe -developing - ”
how can we keep these militants out of our country ?
alleged militants take hostages in busy sydney cafe ”
following this ?!?
black flag held by hostages bears islamic message of faith ( photo : ap/channel 7 )
it is very alarming to me that such vulgarity and hate is completely acceptable in islam.
actually the are criminals paid by jew motherfuckers like itself to spoil islam view
hallelujah and merry to you too !
yes it is. the needs to be prepared
actually my and business partner and i stopped working to watch it all live
at the moment it hardly seems replant given that people is lives are in the balance.
news will not even mention this !
discussion of motives seems more appropriate for the court room than in a confrontation.
we are talking about oval affiliates. they are not always the best at conveying information.
news actually did mention this
in they do not believe in good guys with guns who would save the day
listening to a local station that gets it`s news from abc, and that fact was avoided !
and there was no good guy there with a gun to save the day
did not hear about it. what is the story
they should report the facts.
or a very creative snot rag. that i would not pay 2 s# ! ts for.
your many hours late reporting the news. following for all the latest updates /
a good guy in saved the day just over a month ago
i heard that. god be with those people right now
this black flag bearing arabic script was held up by two hostages in the cafe .
please offer grant as a hostage. he is talking drivel.
its so hard to buy a flag these days,
in it says matey was offside !!
especially in your mothers bed low.
some related news please.
but what does it say ? somebody must know
there is no god but allah and muhammad is the messenger of god. “
watch the video see the evil truth of islam
they will probably blame at some point for this. islam is not a peaceful religion.
" the situation in sydney must be hard for 5sos " no the situation in sydney must be hard for
its so much easier to press one button than three
saves you from any thumb complications
whenever i see anyone using u instead of you i seem so sarcastic is that just me
exactly my point like how fucking stupid can people be
if anything we should be glad 5sos are not there so they can not be harmed
they are not even fucking here !!!!!!!!!!!
i do not like u ”
and they were worried about mile cyrus ' house wow
the fact that people even think about 5sos in a situation like this disgusts me
same but it is become such a habit for me that now it is both i
yes exactly it saves lots of thumb issues
people should not be relating this to 5sos at all they should be thinking about the hostages
people are just awesome they are so lovely ♡
wow that is so shallow people like that are so stupid
nobody worried at and i am pretty sure we got a tsunami after that that is so inconsiderate
cause she would maybe lose her house like the world does not revolve around celebs
in a not sarcastic tone u are the loveliest 💓
i remember they were concerned about mile what the fuck ?
a woman runs to police from cafe in sydney during hostage crisis
what the. hold on your fire !
top photos amazing emotion embedded
god please help the hostages ...
amazing photo. hoping all the hostages are released unharmed and that the perpetrator will face justice.
rt a woman runs to police from cafe in sydney during hostage crisis
.... a woman runs to police from cafe in sydney during hostage crisis ”
should ask the victim before you use their life photo for your own vested interest. disgraceful.
breakingnews : one of the perpetrators have demanded to speak to president tony abbott . threatens to blow explosives every
he is not a bloody president ! he is a prime minister !
typical untrue media reports who are just trying to get viewers no official reports from official sources
fucking go n kick their bass.
have trains been canceled in sydney as a result
thats not true either .... you guys are not the real anonymous clearly
that would be prime minister tony abbott not president .... is
seeing you live in has any media say anything about devices being planted around sydney ?
the opera house was evacuated as a normal precaution as per operational plan.
where are you hearing that ? that has not even been reported.
reports on gunman wants flag delivered to cafe and he also wants to speak to pm or people will be
tony will save the day
you are a intelligent man. who is the other guy. i forgot
you based in john ?
source from ray shows confirmed same report of gunman claiming there are four packages around sydney
very frightening terrible day feel for everyone involved & amp ; our country
getting your news from 10 is like watching mooney tunes for social skills ha
absolutely mike can not imagine that fear ! must seem surreal when you have been in there
deliver him the was instead.
glad he is safe anyway. who would have imagined this.
four packages better get on the case are they large ?
fool bought the wrong flag with him.
breaking a hostage siege in sydney with a man with an is flag or similar - live reports from
very topical with the homeland episode this eve. god help them.
it is not an flag !
please be careful in love
hope they nail the swiftly and rid the world of another potential murderer
sites evacuated now include state library , sydney opera house , channel 7 building in martin place .
hi i do not think the is being evacuated yet.
: one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building
one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated fr the building ”
not related your and twitter feeds seem to be sending out contradictory info !
... i hope this is true.
i would re tweet a different account, these guys do not have a clue !
this is an appalling display of lack of professional journalism.
one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building v.
thank you john amp ; george bushes for bringing terrorism to our own country !
one man has been arrested and people are being evacuated from the building ”
was this the guy with an orange shirt/singlet ?
developing : airspace shutdown over sydney amid chocolate shop hostage situation ; islamic flag shown in shop is window
roughly translated the flag says there is no god but allah and muhammad is the messenger of god.
too bad there is not a good citizen with a concealed carry.
note the flag is not the same as isis flag
they can handle it
the deputy prime minister’s office has refuted reports sydney’s airspace is closed.
why is always and islam again ?
this is incorrect. please follow (journalist) and for best coverage.
i hope for everyones sake that this is fake but please just be careful if you live in or close
we have had the same message in manchester england ! its bullshit !
well i think you are unconsciously helping spread fear. hence the source is important
that is fake and you are a horrible human being
not i hope so !
whats your source for this ? why is the name not visible ?
i know you not at sydney but be careful ok
do you know if anyone has reported these to authorities ? that is horrifying.
we need to get this viral !! rt this !! ^^^^
this guy said the exact thing to my friend is cousin !!! omg in so scared
the pictures are not mine but i thought i would share it in hopes to keep people safe
because she is an ignorant dumb ass who spreads shit like this for attention
hostages in sydney cafe made to hold up islamic flags
would want us to empathize with them and figure out why they are so peevish.
team making noise ? what is up with that barry ?
rt hostages in made to hold up islamic flags
do not they have strict gun laws in australia ? i see that is working well.
that might be a bit much, no ?
lets talk to them in hushed tones
the volcano promised by al-baghdadi has erupted.
police move in : police confirm live ammunition used in martin place
where is the live stream at
that is good. dead ammunition does not work too well
rt police move in : police confirm live ammunition used in martin place
police move in : police confirm live ammunition used in martin place ”
what else r they going to use .... tea n skin sympathy.
live ammunition. “ you cheeky cunts.
apparent hostage situation unfolding in sydney ; prime minister convenes security briefing
i bet are involved.
it could be that damned ac ? dc. damn thugs
apparent hostage situation unfolding in sydney ; p.m. convenes security briefing via
apparent hostage situation unfolding in sydney ; prime minister convenes security briefing ”
bots will conquest all the world.
calls them bill clinton never explained to him just what is !
show us how it is done aussies !
i just hope is going to be o.k.
i just hope crocodile is ok !
apparent hostage situation ? who exactly writes for you guys ?
it is not apparent “, it is a hostage situation.
hope he shows them that is a knife “ !!!
sydney australia : not technically isis flag but shahadah flag with islamic creed on it . commonly used by militants
. this guy will be a better interview than what you are doing now
come what difference does it make ?
not technically flag but shahadah flag with islamic creed on it. used by militants :
its already 4 mass media tweets saying it is an isis flag
could well be meant provocative along with the banner text.
its not the who are going to panic, incoming media feeding frenzy.
including nus asap. could be related to anything, nothing, or everything really.
mt situation not technically isis flag but shahadah flag with islamic creed on it.
there are instructions for making is flags. this might just be some wacko.
live : coverage of ongoing hostage situation in sydney is business district .
probably just some undocumented man-caused disaster.
if you mean in lost angels there is no live broadcast tv coverage.
capture gunman do not put them in jail put them or him in the
like they could believe what they hear on twitter. nearly as uninformative as
shame that us broadcast news does not care.
let us condemn the " sydney cafe seize " & amp ; pray for the safe return of hostages .
we all in are united to condemn this inhumane act of australia we are with you.
mt intros surge pricing during -
fuck mt intros surge pricing during - ”
of course. you have different explanation ? the price is where supply equals demand.
despicable. mt intros surge pricing during - ”
less of a direct relationship between supply and price in that case due to lag in supply chain
classy. rt mt intros surge pricing during -
good to see so many journos focused on the important issue here.
supply and lower prices would just increase demand.
other gougers using surge pricing you mean ?
what the total f
and if could not they at least spare us the disingenuous concern tweet ?
just read their explanation and read the comments below. pr nightmare
saw pretty similar surge pricing this weekend in due to & amp ; tourists
that fucking burns from over here.
and he really gets economics and how to help customers, because he works in health care
you did pay attention to economics 101 but stopped there i guess. two words : public. service
he knows what he is talking about, he is two different kinds of consultant
high price in any market simply reflects demand outstripping supply
rt mt intros surge pricing during - // dj : so ?
you’re in health care. would you prioritize treatment by who could pay more ?
mt intros surge pricing during - ”
because in 2006 home prices simply reflected a demand for more homes.
dramatic video : hostages run from cafe , more remain trapped
religion of love and for chocolates too low
dramatic video hostages run from cafe, more remain trapped
wonder what this is supposed to distract us from ...
dramatic video hostages run from cafe, more remain trapped ”
dramatic video hostages run from cafe, more remain trapped ”
reports : gunman in claims bombs are scattered citywide : ( peter parks , getty )
cant makes a bet i would lose ! its said he sent hate mail to families of dead soldiers
gunman in claims bombs are scattered citywide : (peter parks, getty) ”
just do not water board him he has rights
who does that sending hate mail to dead soldiers ???! cannot understand his brainwaves
hope all the hostages are alive and safe. pray for all of them. terrorism is so horrible
black op press lying to world again per usual we are about to hear that humanity is free
better get the right country idiots.
gun man or terrorist bet he a muslim bet me
reports that the afp is conducting search warrants in the sydney suburb of lakemba are incorrect .
ray said it was so !
it is not it is punch bowl
any way can be charged with inciting racism out of this ? deliberately misleading his listeners
the new criminal mind movie perhaps
another reason not to believe anyone until confirmed ...
and that is why ray harley is a footy commentator and not a journalist
on the matter of rubbish & amp ; the media needing to fill airtime
ray must stop the incorrect reporting
rt reports that the eight is conducting search warrants in the sydney suburb of lakemba are incorrect.
this is flag currently held in sydney window , a garden-variety islamist flag . therefore , doesn’t tell us anything
thanks man. wow. what a defamation of one is own religion.
means nowhere is no god but allah and muhammad is the messenger of god '
we would not want to jump to any conclusions.
u do not defend your own religion ?
there is no god but allah and muhammad is the messenger of god
. so the ones in sydney are the nice hostage takers, not the mean ones ? phew.
. pretty sure it tells us they are radical islamist.
it is like catholic church admitting for child abuse and all.
get off my time line you holier-than-thou wannabe. blocked. appreciate the abuse. on ya !
ugh. ' shame. should be up in arms over this.
it miscalled my take some young lone fanatics.
never gonna happen. see and europe
i feel for the ppm inside the cafe hope they are safe
a go team flag then.
breaking update sydney : the hostage taker man haron monis has been shot dead . 7news
done and dusted good riddance !!
good maybe sea hag can do a report on it !
good one less vile evil murdering savage in the world !
breaking : 2 people have run out of sydney building where a hostage situation is unfolding .
watching it lives. 3 people are now out
for only you can buy 3k followers.
rt breaking 2 people have run out of sydney building where a hostage situation is unfolding.
plus a third through a different door.
now we may have a good chance of getting a grip of the real situation
has been showing footage ... 2 front door, 1 side
breaking 2 people have run out of sydney building where a hostage situation is unfolding.
uh oh. hope to get some names soon
i also need to learn how to spell
via breaking 2 people have run out of sydney building where a hostage situation is unfolding.
here is a vine showing the dramatic moment three hostages escaped the
rt here is a vine showing the dramatic moment three hostages escaped the ”
this made my heart shatter 😪
new generations ' policies r 4 bringing ' positive changes 2 such kingdom-styled brain-conditioning politicking of dark ages.
rt wow not released ... escaped !!
police stand guard as hostages are held in a cafe in sydney . follow afp is live report :
standing guard looks like a coffee break.
tv pictures confirm , hostages forced to rise islamic flag inside cafe
why rt pictures confirm, hostages forced to rise islamic flag inside cafe “
thats flag not isis
come on this is not an islamic flag. no religion teaches intolerance so vehemently.
global jihad year if you say this is terrorism you are islamophob
that is not the flag though.
not but they are not muslims.
so what like that makes any difference.
pictures hostages forced to rise islamic flag inside cafe flag ?
say a prayer for those being held hostage in the lindt cafe in martin place , sydney .
you know there is a funny reporter who likes to hang around pseudo-vigilantes like and
i think they might be starting to realize why vigilantism is needed in the world.
hope no one gets seriously gets hurt.
feeling sick to my prayers and thoughts with them and their safety !
is not prayer how we got into this situation in the first place ?
very sad. it makes me feel sick that these cowards attack innocent people.
no pray. hope that those managing the incident are doing what they were trained to do.
prayers and thoughts with stay safe.
how about we do not play into their hands by running it lives on every tv station ?
: no confirmation airspace has been shut down yet in sydney but planes are avoiding the area .
no confirmation airspace has been shut down yet in sydney but planes are avoiding the area.
oh please excuse me care to clarify what 16l approach jargon means then for benefit of all ?...
police must be terrified of an all-mighty bang or helps to be brought down ...
i expect histrionic falsehoods from your commercial cousins, , facts from you.
do planes normally fly over the sydney cd
disagree social media is there to let people express error will not make history/cause harm
live : sydney cafe siege , hostages held in cbd , reporter at scene
what kind of nuts do we have in this society
remove all photos of police until the incident is over.
what are you doing how is this the smart thing to do ? pack it in.
live cafe siege, hostages held in cd, reporter at scene ” 😱😱
thanks for sharing i have highlighted you on my
hope this does not end in tragedy. we are all behind you australia x sending love x
we just shared one of your tweets, come check it out on our site
yes , is a hostage situation . yes , the hostage taker(s ) is a terrorist . any other stupid
what is your point exactly ??
yes it is terrorism whether the flag looks exactly like flag or a little different.
link to whatever additional context i need 2
no one intelligent denies either. any other straw men you feel like taking down ?
having gone through a similar incident 2 months ago, yes this is terrorism.
i am glad that twitter has given you the opportunity to openly display your and your followers stupidity.
should not the hostage taker be called a cis-male to make the saw feminists happy ?
either you misread my or you are off on some completely unrelated tangent
expect copycats in the us. islam is the belief system of the mentally deranged.
were they take hostages and made demands ? terror = terrorizing
because it is an attempt to avoid calling him a terrorist.
there was an armed robbery in bur wood this afternoon. terrorist attack as well ?
you seem to be the only one who disagrees with me so ... perhaps it is not me,
which means what exactly there is one criminal in there.
yeah. how about waiting until you declare it is terrorism ?
are mutually go ahead. but for now it just looks like a drunk text.
obviously you have missed the “ police action “ headlines.
calling him a terrorist. “ can not actually respond to this ; i do not understand it
just thought i would help the media in getting the facts out around their pc narrative.
it means that this is a terror attack and nobody wants to admit it
breaking update : gunman demands to speak to , asks to bring him flag
religion of peace when they praise allah seconds before blown. them selves up murdering innocent ppm 9-11-01 again
is a religion of peace
innocent ppm with their homicide attacks some call it suicide bombers they really are homicide bombers islam condones the
hostages have posted about it on their facebook accounts that those are his demands
nobody is mentioned a thing.
why attack a chocolate shop ? what a bizarre target ?
the news is everywhere now.
our news media are deliberately not telling the full story
we have not heard that here.
for you the definition of infidel
to demand an embassy ? mt : gunman demands to speak to, asks to bring him flag
i am in watching it lives - what rt said is not true.
update gunman now asking flag be brought to him ” ()
why do you call me names for ? i am not nasty to you i love everyone
why do want kill innocent ppm why does anyone want to hurt much less kill someone
not when it is right across the street from channel seven it is not
i am telling you i watched channel seven and they mentioned it
i got a flag for that isis garbage.
another hostage has been seen running out of the cafe
another hostage has been seen running out of the cafe ” this is good
another hostage has been seen running out of the cafe ” watch racist remarks at
another hostage has been seen running out of the cafe ” mg
keep on running. till the time sleep
your giving him global advertising shut it down. shoot him you cowards
this is such lovely yes
: police confirm that is over . a bomb robot is to enter the front door of the care shortly
monies who kidnap hostages in sydney
not ' care '. idiots -and you get paid to write these typos !
breaking news : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe , wave islamic flag
not good rt breaking news : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ”
rt breaking news : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag
so insensitive to tweet such close ups.
what could these worthless pieces of shit want in exchange for the hostages ?
wow rt breaking news : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag
this is just too scary !
how do you propose we kick them all out ?
is one of the last places i would ever think to be on the look out for
do not show the faces of the hostages.
seriously those poor people mg
breaking news gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ”
i hope is safe from manhood rt : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag
breaking gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe wave islamic flag ” ”
breaking news : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ”
news gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag via
sydney attack -entering 3rd hour -at sydney cafe -50 hostages -2 gunmen -hostages seen holding arabic flag stay with for
no need to make the distinction for their audience, obviously.
not ring that until you have some solid confirmation on that. source ?
i thought it was 13 ?
3rd cafe-50 hostages-2 gunmen-hostages seen holding arabic flag stay with for the latest
the boss of says there is 50 workers in there.
where is this at ??
3rd cafe-50 hostages-2 gunmen-hostages seen holding arabic flag via for the latest
the flag is all. over
you be happy scroll up “ arabic flag “ eh louis
most likely just an tabloid trying to capitalize on real news
all accepting people !
bullshit. 12-13 hostages. stop sensationalizing this
clear proof that this report is irresponsible journalism.
just look at their pictures. looks like the flag of isis
no they claimed 50 hostages 2 gun men and other stuff without a source. not the flag.
look at their pictures on twitter. its the isis flag
50 hostages 50 against 2 ??? are you fucking kidding me ?!?!
it could be a flag w arabic on it, but there is no “ arabic flag “
. has on their flag, and they certainly would not be for this
it is the flag but i guess it is far easier to call it an arabic flag
over , police confirm . reports hostage-taker is down
hope everyone is fine.
because everyone wants to join nato. russia is becoming an isolated international pariah
other forms of social media are being created unlike the current ones that censor truth
the will soon have the elites impaled for the world to see what happens to warmongers
bush are prisoners if the leave the country they will face arrest/prosecution. life is good
why did not they just snipe him ?
all your allies now making deals with china, fuck the federal reserve
all countries has lost their sovereignty
police confirm. reports hostage-taker is down ”
your idol was a common thug. a stain on the earth who has thankfully now been cleansed.
you prefer it when it’s acting as a propaganda machine for putin ?
he put hostages on windows to prevent that
that you torture loving bastard
rt is starting to look and sound like western mainstream media.
read once report on dumb ass
you can not handle the truth. brainwashed buffoon
motor is gangster fuck u, pay me “.
lets see how the father unfolds, gold not bullshit paper please
finally a news presenter has said " this is not a terrorist event , it is a criminal event involving
were stating this when i left the house at 8:30 this morning.
finally we had to get there eventually.
do not know how they can make such a claim. too little info.
i bet it was not news ltd, nine, seven or ten who accepted the truth ?
reminds me of the howard/bush “ days !
republican template. uses a stage to build popularity.
hostage taking is always a crime, why do the lazy follies and media make it anything more.
guy on just caught it as flicked over from the farce of
only taken about 5 or so hours to do. still not good enough mm
breaking : reports that the sydney opera house has now been evacuated due to findings of a suspicious package .
bad timing for such low !
also reports that it is just security training. please check your sources.
breaking news : flag in sydney cafe window confirmed to be that of jabah al-nusra , says islamic terror expert
how do you even call yourself muslims you syrian terrorist twats hope you liquidate asap
wait tell us again why torture is bad against scum isis and al queen ?? why ?
must suck not to have open or concealed carry.
of all types use this flag.
did not and side with this group in to fight against the assad regime ?
wow so sad to see. hate how terrorists ruin the name of all muslims.
its not just them. its sunni islamist in general.
was not b. in australia recently ? where is obama been lately ?
the female on the left is just a kid ! very young. sad.
do not give him but a. 308 in the chest.
it is not jab ah. and there is cross over between al nasa and isis.
black islamic flag being held up in window of chocolate store in martin place , sydney - hostages inside .
green is the traditional color. presumptions are worthless
so just generic terrorists. that is a relief
i hope everyone gets out safely.
almost every media outlet for the first 20 minutes until people remembered how google works
flag is a generic flag, not unique to any group. isis uses a different flag
ah i see. the having nothing to do with the koran. got you.
yes. and if yes would suggest less chance of a larger group.
doing what their man made twisted fairy tale tells them to do.
get the snipers out and exterminate
who typed ? islamic flag was used in the original tweet.
so we still not sure of the motivation for the attack ?
but its such a peaceful religion /s
: it is understood the gunman has demanded a meeting with the australian pm .
i am unsure never been in a hostage situation probably dolphin friendly tuna and onion
more terrorists in than any other religion 👍
he would probably be better off talking to russ abbott than that dozy knob.
well of course that is realistic .....
the stereotypical supporter sticking up for islam low
yes because this is definitely islam is fault and not just a group of fucking lunatics ..... moron
its ' gazillion dollars ' now, inflation.
the teenage socialist that thinks he can placate islam.
wrong. they are not in “ islam because muslims do not uphold what they are doing.
oral lassitude rt low the teenage socialist that thinks he can placate islam.
so just refused terrorist and cruel halal certification ?
to learn who rules over you simply find out who you are not allowed to criticism.
oh yeah if you was a terrorist guy what topping would you have ?
i would still ask for that and pizza.
but from a pizza shop about 7000 miles away otherwise what is the point of making demands ?
flown in from new york.
the bombs he has will be set off if he is killed
. it is understood the gunman has demanded a meeting with the pm.
this could not be any more of a false flag ! omgosh ... do not be fooled ! staged
why do not they just let the police snipers take the shot and get rid of the scum.?
you are a skip voter so i will just leave it at that tba.
what happened to the helicopter and a million in used notes generation ?
just looking out for the dolphins
this is the islamic state flag , not the one in the window in sydney .
do you know what one says ?
says there is no god but allah and muhammad is his passenger
. do we know if this flag is of a known design ? of a known group ?
it has been suggested this is the sahara ?
indeed its a standard shahadah flag in the window !
been told it is the sahara
in short if it looks like comic sans arabic, it is probably isis.
oh they are probably well meaning then
truly pathetic that professional are getting this wrong. sigh
this is also the flag of asap, al-shabab aim and a
probably is the flag
they probably just could not get their hands on an isis flag in time to mount the operation.
our thoughts and prayers are with the hostages and the families in sydney .
were not the disarmed a few yrs ago ? hmmm
sydney is daily telegraph has printed a special 2pm edition - " death cult cbd attack "
go fuck a goat you filthy terrorist lover !
i think the paper has a rouge editor ?
irresponsible journalism we do not really know what is going on yet. fancy showing hostages faces !
should be ashamed of themselves. what kind of headline is that ?! way to spread fear ! 1/2
we are giving this devil man too much publicity. calm down media
the hogans that read that piece of shit newspaper will love it, i am sure.
. and you are a typical anonymous racist looking for twitter attention.
what a load of rubbish.
disgusting to show the poor people is faces.
i like the part where he called you a leftward. uneducated morons thrive during times like this.
given much of the is evacuated/under lock down who will actually get this newspaper edition ?
that is horrific. what about the relatives/friends of the girls
nice to see responsible reporting from with that headline.
oh for fuck is sake.
i copped it from a few wankers too, just blocking them now. can not feed em
oh gee. really mt “ : "“ death cult ccdattack "“”
the making this a gun debate are interesting.
there is no cone that it is ?!
were getting soft in our age
hostage situation in sydney to all our fans and friends staying in sydney , stay safe and keep praying ...
who are you do i even now you ? stay away satan !
people praying is exactly what caused this situation in the first place.
watch : 2 women escape through front door of sydney cafe -
women are good at surviving abuse. they know when to run. thank god !
watch 2 women escape through front door of sydney cafe - ”
hoping a seal team will go in there and remove isis permanently from the planet !
dirty not innocent civilians w/ causing radar. west coast too ! ban !
breaking news : police now moving in at the cafe in sydney . rapid gunfire can be heard . hostages
please stop the caps.
breaking : multiple gunshots fired into lindt cafe ()
breaking multiple gunshots fired into linda cafe () ”
breaking multiple gunshots fired into linda cafe () ”
five people have now escaped the cafe . two female hostages ran out just moments ago .
great news. hope there are more to come !
does not seem the place of a few years ago lots of tension
five people are now safe. thank god.
thank hope everyone come out safe
police take down suspect in . unclear whether related to siege
police take down suspect in. unclear whether related to siege ”
i was being re : other current events news
reporting not related to siege.
that is a promotional baseball cap ...
this specimen needs to be administered some at
they are valuable source alive. i say at them to death.
looks like a pack of smokes ..... where is the reverend al ..........????
maybe he obeyed the police when they told him to stop, ?
via police take down suspect in. unclear whether related to siege “
dude is wearing an as navy hat - not from today ?
. strange that photo is not in your report
apparently he is just a homeless man. unfortunately the siege continues
how do they manage to arrest these guys without killing them first ?
i saw a guy on ch7 earlier trying to cover his face wearing orange shirt/singlet. m/eastern appear.
just in : lindt is ceo says there could be as many as 50 hostages inside the cafe in
proof there is no such thing as bad publicity
: contact made with gunman – police report
is this all to justify more fussy troops to iraq or tightening up immigration ? false flag
contact made w gunman – police report ” close to you, ?
contact made with gunman – police report ”
contact made with gunman – police report ” low relax terminator
heavy boys are in thats one dead man
people are being held hostage in a cafe in sydney . very worrying !
there is 1-2 men holding 13 people hostage i am done
it is a ... 😶
thank the lord my boys are not there right now
on the other side of the country and in still scared af
i am watching it on tv. it is really terrible, is not it ?
the lindt store refuses to be halal certified perhaps thats why they were targeted .
where is all the protest against all this savagery. silence screams approval.
so all are guilty of killing innocent iraqi/ afghan/ pakistani ppm ?
funny the majority countries are doing all the bombings but it is the muslims that are terrorists.
why is the bombing happening ? is it possible that it is a reaction to islamic barbaric actions ?
halal needs to be outlawed. businesses that do it need to be boycotted.
lack of media coverage or you looking it up has more to do with the apparent silence.
then do not associate with criminals. judged by company you keep.
what does kosher have to do with the in the window ?
their was a list of companies that were halal compliant.
so that probably also means veterinarian. yay for me !
subway will not provide san wipes anymore b/c of alcohol in them. enough is enough.
as for leaving the country. think that is an extreme reaction over alcohol wipes.
for all veterinarians that have ever committed a crime ? or every women ? or achiest ?
kill their animals the same way as kosher. only kosher outright refuse to stun first.
nsw police confirm three people have emerged from the lindt cafe in martin place
new police confirm three people have emerged from the linda cafe ”
purple national defense !
are they taking orders for mocha chinos yet ?
please respect the hostage is privacy !
breaking update : the latest footage from sydney siege shows a man holding a female hostage as a human shield
apparently you are seeing something the image does not depict.
its just they do not want to see something different rather than their religion on this. cowards
two women have emerged from the lindt cafe in . five hostages are now out
did you let any escape from nakatomi ?
do not pix elate their faces.
why she is hot (and safe)
i was concerned they could be put in unnecessary danger, just doing their job
two women have emerged from linda cafe in. 5 hostages now out ”
the especially the never respect anyone. even poor cricketers
female staffer free two women have emerged. five hostages are out ”
thanks for the update on the - 5 hostages are out
two women have emerged from the linda cafe in. five hostages are now out
is it really sensible to be releasing unpixellated pictures of innocent people without consent ?
sorry i meant they should pix elate their faces. also of emergency services. they should be protected
why not your not shown your face
00 reward public assistance seeking criminal investigation
needs to blur the faces before sharing them to the twitter verse
please think of hostages and families here and protect their identity
that is just class you are a fool and a troll.
not wrong. you are not wrong.
grubber are not you a baddie ? honestly the have no respect
two women have emerged from the linda cafe in. five hostages are now out
siege at sydney is martin place has now been underway for an hour . hostages remain inside .
siege at is martin place underway for an hour. hostages remain inside. ”
apparently the was had been sent in ... not sure how that will pan out but hopefully well !!
the flag being displayed may be the one on the right ?!!
apparently a suspicious package found at the opera house now ! this is not right
i can not believe you showed their faces.
. jeez. how bad was the chocolate ?
can not see how it could end well - suicide terrorists (by nature) have no fear !
just give them the i mean : chop !
this really is awful. it is bloody christmas as well !
they just asking for the anti-terrorist squad to come and take em out
security. see this one ... eh
just the distraction that hockey needed from his budget blowout hypocritical excuses
mt siege at is martin place underway for an hour. hostages remain inside.
got family or friends in oz, rory ?
yea they are evacuating bloody terrifying
bbc news - sydney siege : hostages held in central cafe
bots will conquest all the world.
just in : live feeds appears to show is over , police calmly moving outside cafe , local reporters say
. it is over in sydney. up to date reporting plus.
. jihad say hello to “ allah “ for me !
what a relief. thank you brave cops and paramedics !
game. so call 2nd amendment done for nra. i can say.
more : police confirm 3 hostages escape sydney cafe , unknown number remain inside
thoughts and prayers are with the hostages. 🙏
and yet they will not cover it like the foreign media.
more police confirm 3 hostages escape sydney cafe, unknown number remain inside ”
more police confirm 3 hostages escape sydney cafe, unknown number remain ”
the only way they gonna survive is if they convert to isis
thoughts with 27 hostages and their families and prayers for good news to emerge soon
not cool yo my prayer hope that hostages make it out safe
hope the baddies don’t have social media or they’re gonna start locking the side doors people escaped from.
breaking : 2 people killed and 3 in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney café ends -- australian broadcaster
better he is dead. . dead. hostages.
not otherwise that criminal would not ask for the ' correct ' flag
' at least ' the wrong flag proves that criminal is not a militant !
to the victims amp ; their families
my prayers go out to the families.
reporting so its bound to be incorrect
2 people killed and 3 in serious condition as hostage siege at sydney cafe ends l via
mt breaking 2 kills and 3 in serious condition as ends -- australian broadcaster.
media reports hours ago indicated flag was ' aligned ' with
developing : gunman takes hostages in sydney cafe , ' isis ' flags being held against window -
looks like a job for special ops. prayers for the hostages.
bet they are happy they let those goat bumpers into the country.
damn the back to their version of the ' holy land. '
the police better plan on killing him, because his intentions are not at all in doubt.
they are peaceful people and hilary said they can be negotiated with !
time to rich these fuckers the hell out of every democratic country !
. shit. i knew it when i saw the news break. son-of-a-b .....!!!!!
: at least four people believed to have been injured after multiple shots fired .
at least four people believed to have been ... ”
fake fake crisis actors the press is in on it ! here is the real terrorists
news in providing exceptional coverage.
ceo of lindt cafe says 40-50 hostages held by 2 gunmen . significantly higher number than initially thought
has now clarified he really does not know how many people are inside.
of says 40-50 held by 2 gunmen. higher number than initially thought via
cant carries a pocket knife in public in oz ... might be handy in a situation.
what is the sourcing on this yalta ?
did he say that as fact or possibility ?
of says 40-50 hostages held by 2 gunmen. significantly higher number than initially thought
sky news australia : a sixth hostage has escaped from the lindt cafe in sydney
are they escaping or being released ?
never reported a sixth escaped. five have so far emerged -- confirmed by
i think they are escaping. not sure though ...
sky news : a sixth hostage has escaped from the linda cafe in sydney ”
eat the chocolate but just release the hostages !
send in the was hit this bastard hard
watch the video to see the evil truth of islam
send in the police they will have another notch in their blocks in no time.
not on your live feed ???
footage shows three men fleeing building
more images of running from muslims please ! cheers ! -
dogs go fuck self
kill those dogs hang them to death
can not that sniper read the sign on the door ?
footage shows three men fleeing building
there is no way to know what the situation was or whether there was even the opportunity.
what are you on about ? i do not think you grasp the story at all.
what happened to women and children first. chivalry is dead
be honest the moment you heard about this, which “ peaceful “ group did you suspect ?
the link seems to be broken.
footage shows three men flee building
via footage shows three men fleeing building “
sydney in lockdown as at least one gunman holds several people hostage in a café
suborning murder via internet is a crime against humanity and should be treated as such.
or they simply see the crime and the victims being more important than the region of the suspect
it is more than several ' people. closer to 20 from all reports over here.
the have cool police cars !
why do they need in the headline only stupid people can not make the connection
i know let is take away more freedom from people. that will protect them.
jihad former ayatollah from iran. of course the victims are more important than jihad scum.
it is sad to wake up to such horrifying new
hoping this ends peacefully and all well.
because they cower in their pc world.
look at the black flag.
: six hostages have managed to escape from the café in .
six hostages have managed to escape from the cafe in. ”
the hostages have been so courageous.
six hostages have managed to escape from the cafe in. ”
more six hostages have managed to escape from the cafe in. ”
how many people are still inside the cafe ?
i saw that on here in vegas as well
is that 6 in or 6 new ones ?
possibly 1 more : six hostages have managed to escape from the cafe in.
: reports hostages can be seen running from the lindt building in the latest development of the sydney .
they are running so far so good !
gunman demands meeting with tony abbott and claims four bombs in area
irresponsible media at its worst shame
why do you continue to relay his demands when police have asked media not to ?
what an eloquent solution & amp ; loose valuable info.
great work doing the opposite of what police requested.
y the gag in information ?
screw his demands who does he think he is ? i hope all innocent hostages come away unharmed
police requesting media do not report demands. would be nice if you complied.
how do you even report this thing when this is not true ? do not spread panic please.
is a he would choose the bunker over anyone is life any day.
media once again taking it up on them self is to not listen to the police disgusting
: up to 20 hostages are being held in darkness in a cafe in sydney .
feel for them lets hope they all get out unhurt terrible frightening
how did dankly get to sydney so quick to report on siege ?
i think she was already out there.
ate mare game sable divangat batman ko sraddhanjale cesar nuke data ko anti prada are.
uber is allegedly charging passengers $100 minimum during sydney siege via
allegedly ’ amp ; no true source. bull i’d say. effort to discredit.
its a business not a charity. maybe police old give rides free- they r paid by citizens
that is the tax low
rt charging passengers $100 minimum during ssydneysiege via
does anyone need any more excuses not to use ? apart from safety that is !
. the pricing is a computer-controlled algorithm that just looks at supply/demand.
rt user is allegedly charging passengers $100 minimum during sydney siege via
do you hear that ?
most places have laws about price gouging in a crisis situation no matter the cause. criminals.
user is allegedly charging passengers $100 minimum during sydney siege via ”
in the textbooks for pr classes will have a whole chapter on user
: nsw police have confirmed the siege in sydney is cbd is now over , a police officer is reportedly
the police handled an incredibly tough, unprecedented in australia, situation very well. kudos to them.
terrorism is a worldwide threat. hardly a religion of peace.
thank god praying for injured
you have to have a pair to charge into a building like that.
hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag
45-50 hostages .... rt hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag
is this world coming to ?!
if they want chocolate know a few but seriously it is just another religious lunatic scaring innocent
this is what happens when you do not own guns
how is that volunteer gun confiscation working for you aussies ??
quite well actually. overwhelmingly safer than usa statistically. thanks.
hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag ” jesus.
rt hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag
hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag ”
oh wow. rt hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag
hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag ”
hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag ”
this one incident overshadows that australia is overwhelmingly safer statistically than usa.
sad hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag “
terrifying hostages in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold islamic flag ”
rt hostages held in sydney chocolate shop forced to hold up islamic flag
breaking news : gunman demanding to speak to australian prime minister and also asking for an islamic state flag to
kill the motherfucking pieces of shit
just let the police snipers send him to his 72 virgins, and be done with it
give them nothing but a swift bullet to the brain !!
send him the flag sprinkled with deadly poison
holy shit its getting real now
they want publicity or a way to immortalize themselves, do not give them a damn thing !!
this cunt needs to be put down asap !
ugh : uber introduces $100 minimum surge pricing during via
it is an automated algorithm.
if only there was some kind of regulation in place ... err ... right ...
guys its an automated system that adjusts to demand. give them time to fix
user introduces minimum surge pricing ”
as bad as gouging on ice during a crisis. awful.
minimum surge pricing during ”
i bet that tweet is automated too ?
it is as if they are trying to be odious in as many ways as possible.
absolutely absurd how can you take advantage of people trying to get to safety at this time ??
and it is completely automatic based on number of cars on road vs requests
surge pricing encourages drivers on the road, and discourages commuters who may not need a user.
yes really. it is determined by supply and demand to decrease wait times.
praying for the hostages in the cafe in sydney . no religion represents hate and violence . when will this
is this a simple robbery or are they there to hold hostages ?
first time it happened in australia since the alarm was raised a few months ago.
five first 3 men now two women
opportunists may size this opportunity ! stay safe !
the police are already on scene, and a substantial area of the city has been evacuated.
prove me wrong. and stop with this ' grow up ' rhetoric
we all wish it stops bro. feeling sad to see our prayers go in vain.
he is demanding to talk to the as pm.
a lone gunman is holding hostages, 3 managed to escape.
your just being mean. are just doing their job ! the hostages escaped with their lives !
actually five now. two more linda worker have escaped
it is scary over here at the moment. we fear this is just the beginning.
what alarm was raised is this a religious group holding the hostages ?
did not even bring his own flag. i pray for hostages and negotiators.
a few months the as government raised the alarm that terrorism could be headed our way.
now it is 5 🙏
it is at 5 now. 2 female staff members managed to get out about 40 minutes ago.
lone gunman. is he making demands ? has he asked for anything ?
i live in so i am okay.
great to read that. one people with his eyes open, u made my day
very well said final thinking of sydney !
bridge is all flights canceled. all hell is breaking loose in australia.
evacuate the block secondary casualties and undisclosed aid is might be the goal !
the sight of the hostages running to freedom is the feel good moment of the day !
stuck in harbor bridge is closed. its so scary. what will happen next
here comes the version. hahaha
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the lindt cafe in sydney .
i want to see breaking news not edited highlights.
most of it was flash bangs. gunfire only for a few seconds. tactical take down
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the linda cafe in sydney.
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the linda cafe in sydney. ” rt
it is not working can not see it
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the linda cafe in sydney. 😧
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the linda cafe in sydney.
being carried out on someone on the pavement.
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the linda cafe in sydney.
just when it was getting fun.
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the linda cafe in sydney. ”
i am watching sky news from south africa !!
why have you stopped showing live feed ?? i am watching bbc news instead then.
watch the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside the linda cafe in sydney. ” 😭
the moment gunfire and explosions were heard inside linda cafe in sydney. ”
deputy commissioner catherine burn confirms police are in contact with gunman
prayers and courage being sent from texas.
identity the bring in the sniper and end this bullshit !
. thoughts w friends from canadian parliamentarians hopeful for peaceful resolution to
any plans to cover this on news 24 or is there a political motivation for business as usual ?
monkey business all about dat oil
remaining hopeful. deputy commissioner : police in contact w gunman
a snipers bullet should make contact with his skull. that would solve the problem quickly and efficiently.
want to invite you to the religion of and i hope you know about islam. 🌹
tweets concerned about imaginary instead of real hostages ? congrats ! expert use of the
islamists are holding people hostage in a cafe in sydney , australia . meanwhile , we wet our pants over
water boarding for info .... raping kidnapping beheading bombings for ??????????? ??
i am wondering why is the us mainstream media is not breaking this news.
boy is big j gonna have words for you when you kick the bucket
is it on ?
well some people have got to wake up
update : 13 people being held hostage in shop , opera house evacuated after suspicious package found : reports
this would happen more often if it was not for the fine work from the cia.
get off of bring in
why are you not airing the situation in sydney ?
go to bit their live in sydney !!
why is this not breaking news !!!!! come on fox
only just decided to air this have you ?? jeez
dept. of corrections off. adam jinkersonactive member kkk.
apparently the religion of peace is peacefully taking hostages for peaceful murder.
while was killing over 200000 people world leaders just sat there twirling their thumbs.
. of corrections officer prices louis kkk member.
thanks and for releasing our cia report. now isis is more golden.
just in : gunman in cafe siege says he has devices all over city : report
this article does not say that in it. please source these “ reports “ before publishing.
just in gunman in cafe siege says he has devices all over city : report ”
thanks so much for sharing. just added it to my
rt gunman in cafe siege says he has devices all over city : report
just in gunman in cafe siege says he has devices all over city : report ”
rt just in gunman in cafe siege says he has devices all over city : report
hostages inside the siege have told australia is that the gunman , calling himself " the brother " , has
terrorist also wants flags after realizing he has wrong flag ! thoughts and prayers with hostages. ❤️🙏
think about what you are doing reporting this after specific police advice not to.
breaking news : an armed gunman is holding up to 13 people hostage inside a cafe in one of sydney
this has been underway for hours. not breaking news now. disappointed in.
the is reporting 30 !
should we put more shrimp on the barbie
that is not breaking greta. you just woke up ?
here is a live feed link of :
it is a matter of time before isis strikes inside united states.
no longer breaking. try continuing
what do you make of this ?
bout time fox got off their asses
please intervene send michael, the archangel and take care of them quickly ! “
an armed society helps prevent standoffs like this.
just show him some empathy ; that will work.
this story is like 4 hours old now low
breaking update : 2 hostages escape lindt café through front door , 1 via fire door
guy in white looks like quite a gay mincer.
. perhaps they would like to take this opportunity to talk about their trauma.
i see what you mean
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
you endangered anyone tries to escape ! stop it !
manager asks staff to clock out before fleeing hostage site
the first official statement from regarding the .
doing the thing they do so well !!!
rt the first official statement from regarding the. ”
flying the jihads flag of islam. all muslims need to be exterminated.
urge the media to be responsible in their reporting. speculation can cause unnecessary alarm “
this person is obviously fucked up, sadat. do not waste your breath.
how about shutting up your moronic then oz ?
my you can not make this shit up about muslims little girls !
just block him cause he keeps on
the first official statement from regarding the. sad
note preferred term of the pig lipped pedophile camel humpermuhammad. looooooooooooooooooooooooooool
00 reward for public assistance in seeking criminal investigation
sucks huh was a says so in the'an.
local media : 3 people appear to escape from martin place , sydney , café , amid hostage situation -
it is a great war. the world finally needs one. greed, selfishness, corruption
for only you can buy 3k followers
hostages taken in sydney cafe as islamic flag is reportedly flown
hostages taken in as islamic flag is reportedly flown |
hostages taken in sydney cafe as islamic flag is reportedly flown you mean isis ?
do you mean the religion of peace ? fucking terrorists just call it what it is - muslim extremists
hostages taken in sydney cafe as islamic flag is reportedly flown is already time to silence islam
breaking : police have entered sydney cafe as loud bangs , flashes seen on live stream .
what the why storming in ?
correction : we reported earlier sydney air space was shut down . that is not correct . no sydney air
first and wrong gt ; second and right.
how does that even happen ? ridiculous.
. who needs to checking facts when you are newspaper, airlift ?
this is what is flying over sydney right now ! nothing with a transponder switched on.
emergent and fluid situation. news outlets are as good as their official sources.
get your info correct guys … not fast !!
the website is still showing a headline stating airspace shut down
irresponsible reporting creating more panic and alarm. calm down and get it right the first time.
why put out untruths if not confirmed do not tweet about it adds to hysteria
grand mufti of australia statement condemning
sorry we have heard that crap before, time to take the fight to islamic scum
the article you quote give no urania verses. read why lie ?
so you do not care where your “ quote “ comes from you will just.
grand mufti of australia statement condemning
grand mufti of australia statement condemning ”
is a sure sign that you have lost the argument.
.... nudge
it does not serve anything when very basic teaching starts with muslim and non muslim terminology
well i how conveniently you address all my tweets except the one that quoted the koran,
fuck him. download a hilarious free koran parody for infidels of all ages –
did not watch press conference - i was worried he may threaten to shirtfront the offender
then how about he hauls his sheet wearing ass down there and confronts his psychopath brethren in person
besides i do not care about the bible either, both islam and christianity is backwards
they will have to excise this cancer from their own ranks or be tarred with the same brush.
the grand mufti and his followers. enough is enough.
this will teach you for giving up your gun rights. you asked for this.
are you gonna apologize for the koran too, cut it endorses enslavement and rape of pairs
but everyone is told that this has nothing to with islam.
. grand mufti of australia statement condemning ”
grand mufti of australia statement condemning ”
morons like u will find all the excuses in d world to defend their religion, pedophile worshiper
put this in the front to negotiate the return of hostages.
yet almost all the violent acts committed in the name of religion, belong to one gap
pretty sure atheism is not a religion brothers in the uk
grand mufti of australia statement condemning ” reality speaks rather than mm
the article you linked is talking about the bible, specifically deuteronomy 20:10 -20.
at least three hostages flee in
are you sure they are hostages ? rt “ : three hostages flee in ”
at least three hostages flee in ”
at least three hostages flee in ”
our thoughts and prayers are with the hostages.
wow. these images are powerful. thank goodness they are out but hoping everyone gets out safe
really hope so too how scary !
at least three hostages flee in
rt at least three hostages flee in ”
breaking : roads closed around in central sydney amid possible hostage situation .
breaking roads closed around in central sydney amid possible hostage situation. ”
i doubt these terrorists are of pakistani origin
flags in the window of the cafe sydney
responsible coverage please. no footage of police. keep their movements secret. help them.
it is a hostage and a terrorist attack.
no body realizes that the isis flag through the sydney cafe it is clear in cnn
are you going to cover this ? you are showing internet videos !?
get facts straight std opera has is not a 4 min walk from martin place !
it is not blurred. have to watch the whole news segment to see it clearly.
breaking roads closed around in central sydney amid possible hostage situation. ! “
breaking roads closed around in central sydney amid possible hostage situation. ”
more : 3rd person runs out a fire exit of a sydney building where a hostage situation has been unfolding
never buy any products. they are unable to give service.
for only you can buy 3k followers.
crazy hope all are released unharmed !
breaking : australian police say is over ; cannot confirm status of gunman
breaking police say is over ; cannot confirm status of gunman ”
rt breaking police say is over ; cannot confirm status of gunman
he is pining for the fjords ....
breaking police say is over ; cannot confirm status of gunman ”
breaking police say is over ; cannot confirm status of gunman ”
who comes up with this ridiculous hash tags ?
i could not care less about the gunman. how are the hostages ?
monks under ex boroujerdi says assayed him, own family hostage.
rt breaking police say is over ; cannot confirm status of gunman
" at least 1 gunman " in ( image of suspect not verified ) no injuries known - police
plenty of police snipers there so why not put him out of his misery.
500,000 can march on london to protest israel defending itself, but not against islamic extremism.
how considerate of you genuine, thank you so much
and the were not christian. it did not stop until the public started condemning it.
he also likes to call people faggots, retards, and trolls, because he feels inferior.
does he now he is a naughty boy indeed, is not he ?
the actions are religiously motivated and its important condemn these antisocial bits of their religion
because the bible did not have similar in it ? you bunch of loons
it has been reported that the hostages are holding up flags with the sahara (islamic affirmation)
instead of outrage that their kids are being brainwashed, the parents close up and claim victimization.
please do not call me a fool how peaceful and tolerant
eye for an eye is about limits on justice, not on retribution.
is a complex situation with a mix of fear and sympathy guiding behavior.
wow immediately insulting how peaceful and tolerant ! logic outside of your grasp ?
bullet resistant up to what caliber ?
regardless. if you are rude and offensive towards a kind of people then you are a racist
you proved words. and what you see in islam is what you see in old testament.
ha huh and who says religion is all about having “ fun ' ????
depends which ones you are referring to.
good brief you really have no idea of history do you ?
that is yes.
you need to look harder.
can you be my tutor please and teach me about bigotry and racism as well ??
another mad bastard with a scarf round his face
maybe tell the 30-40 people held at gunpoint in sydney that they should stop focusing on the negative ?
what actions do you suggest ? forehead tattoos saying ' i am a nice one ' ?
no you are quite expert at it.
you are denying it now ? or were u just trying to suck up to the racist girl ??
and inspector over here call that bigotry, marisa miss empathy
what actions are doing to show they find all stand by the worst excesses of their state ?
nobody said as you well know - a very obvious sleight of hand and fools nobody.
so strange that innocent muslims may get abuse from this but if another religion was involved ...
nice however the world is tax dollars are being used to fight this trash.
never take responsibility always play the victim or blame everyone else
maybe that is because he is self professed, not representative, you clowns
yeah like everything else. there are no bad people only evil governments.
well they probably know that it will be their members that will suffer on the street.
it is a good sign that a person does not have anything to write that is worth reading.
just because someone is interpretation of religion differs from yours does not make it any less religious
apparently the glass in most of the buildings around there is bullet resistant.
he does understand. to cover his embarrassment he is trying to stone us to death with snow
that is assuring against repressive laws as being counter productive, not supporting terrorism.
not sure what you mean by that but israelis protest against their government all the time.
it matters com now everyone is like ;. & lt ; are which is not true
because its important for to be able to define what should be and not ignore its problems ?
if that is the then yes, i completely agree !
not to you can probably search player for it.
swap the word community “ for “ ghetto “ then read it again.
hope have deployed snipers to gun him down
so what does that mean ? assumptions much ...
great article on rise of middle eastern crime in australia ; particularly in sydney …
no worries. i will search youtube. keep up the good work !
stop trying to cover up the fact that you are a racist
it is still in there you fool.
do you have a link ? want to see it.
glad to be able to help you clarify, fellow code monkey !
then why is the giving him airtime. that is my point.
so ... bigotry is acceptable eh
total false flag set up by the government
u should said that to yo self be4 making all those false accusations
it is like talking to a child.
denying what my knowledge of english and the difference between racism and bigotry ?
for referring to me with one of the great minds in history who debunked the creation myth !
i found in counter magnum sniper gun can penetrate most of the glasses used in buildings
so you agree that muslims waging jihad in syria are comparable to jewish aussies joining the if ?
most cases terrorists harbored by same muslim groups, who later claim innocence
i heard that the glass is bullet resistant
are these guys more maybe ?
groups condemn in statement : “ this is a time for all australians to stand together “
your is gods a douche bag low i can not take you seriously
you only support condemning one group, spreading hate.
well then you better go on the internet and check again :. islam means submission !
by saying something you disagree with ?
i have seen that headband somewhere before ... is it pat cash ?
i am from this is just crazy
someone is making a move !
great response from groups to. very important for them to make such statement.
look at reaction in community to exposure of extremist schools in tower hamlets.
i have no problem with people, but what they may represent.
he is just a fool ... pfffff unimportant person
i do not care what religion you believe in, just do not bother me with it.
you can not defend yourself in illegally occupied land. get that through your thick skull
bible refuses to.
if you look at the tl of you can see he is homophobic as well.
it needed that in northern ireland. it needs it here.
that is not what the self-professed australian muslim leader interviewed on bbc was saying this morning.
i am i am not being taken seriously by a fool !
then why are you calling me a clown for calling them out on it.
' how peaceful and tolerant ' low you are a racist in denial as well
that planetary vision at him by is that you ?
someone likes to meet you and be thought a lesson ! very sm !
all religions have radicalism and individuals who do unthinkable acts. you only ever seem to have innocent ...
how peaceful and tolerant of you guys, especially marisa, she knows all the right and wrongs
i would just give the guy his on air tv time, that is clearly what he wants
you do not understand things easily, do you ? we already explained the difference with bigotry
meanwhile they are saying what evil people we all are
your reaction is not rational.
by contrasting to you mean ?
you are actually trying to look smart ? lol
do you think my is a coincidence ??
so you can not identify the paid government mi6 employees ... 100% false flag government hoax
i guess he lost the argument ...
no they do not you just chose not to see anything not conforming your own prejudice
because it came across as though you were calling the australian muslim community out, not challenging the bbc
you are just a racist in denial who thinks they are a genuine person low
nuns are not taking radicalized muslims are.
where is the gun ?
update : reports the sydney opera house has also been evacuated .
already some parts of looking like casafknblanca grrr
update reports the sydney opera house has also been evacuated. ” mg
update reports the sydney opera house has also been evacuated. ” what the fuck
there is at least one armed suspect involved in sydney hostage situation , u.s. officials say .
woke up finally did you ?
awaiting is chocolate summit “.
give them a they are still focused on dinosaur 13.
there is at least one armed suspect involved in sydney hostage situation, u.s. officials say.
since your my point was that your gun control laws mean nothing to criminals.
keep going. you will catch up.
no fucking shit. if there were less than one we would not be talking about it.
you must be wrong. they do not allow guns in australia.
police confirm three safe : “ our number one aim is to resolve incident peacefully ”
at least this is something.
they will give a good description of the scene inside, which will help the police.
so you post this then re tweet the other accounts link on this.
the moment a female lindt worker escapes the :
watching this on video rt “ : the moment a female linda worker escapes the “
know all to well what they are going through. they are dealing with these crazies for decades
is this even for real or just staged by government goons ?
why are you taking an interest in this anyway peter
amazing that is an award winner.
my heart jumps into my throat every time i see this image
the moment a female linda worker escapes the : ”
an incredible image of worker fleeing cafe in martin place, sydney via
the poor cannot imagine her fear
what an incredibly powerful image.
the moment a female linda worker escapes the : ” powerful imagery.
the moment a female linda worker escapes the : ” powerful image
fuck you. fuck you very much
strong image of relief mt “ : a linda worker escapes the : ”
the moment a female linda worker escapes : ”
live updates : siege in sydney cafe
live updates siege in sydney cafe “ sgt ; guess who .... that is right muslims
thoughts with the folks in there, for a safe return
get on with stop messing about
thats is such a horrible thing to hear praying every one will be ok ++++
bloody he'll sky scum reporting on something other than dirty yank crap 24hrs a day
is going on in the world today ?! : live updates : siege in sydney cafe …
send in the will be over within 30mins
or are they simply waiting to be served
live updates siege in sydney cafe ” praying for the hostages xxx
latest -- police say no direct contact with gunman , precise number of hostages not known
piece of shit scumbag gunman must be destroyed
why is saying 50 hostages ?
spare us the contact with the gunman/men and see how to connect him with a bullet.
may the terrorist drown in pig blood ... fuck islam
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
confirmed including or excluding the one found ?
then maybe police should make with the terrorist.
possibly. of said 10 employees and 30 customers.
hope all the innocent will come out untouched.
you reported earlier that there was 13 hostages -- let them know
and 4 devices placed around sydney
why are you not covering on air
flag you would love it
for only you can buy 3k followers.
breaking : : " at least 1 pol officer injured/4 hostages taken away on stretchers " ()
breaking “ at least 1 pol officer injured/4 hostages taken away on stretchers “ “
what about the bombs we heard were planted around the city ????
at least 1 pol officer injured/4 hostages taken away on stretchers “
stop the can not breathe !
welcome to the world of muslims.
heavenly please aid the rescue of the sidney siege hostages.
several people being held hostage at a sydney cafe . australian tv showing people with hands up against a window
we knew this was still shocking, these poor people x
true. seems it is well executed
being forced to hold an isis flag. why are not you reporting that ?
more ammo to clean up militant islamic inez no more pussyfooting diggers smack em down
probably the layout of the building. public place. easy media coverage
just add the fact that they are holding an isis flag for fuck sake
still scary as hell though. just we had media reporting all sorts of shit which is dangerous
and that time is they have brought it to us, they will be sorry
about away from sydney
we have and it is not going to stop either, that is the frightening part x
just watching here shocking news x
extremists that is who.
still extremely confusing. why a cafe in australia. it does not make sense
where are you sue in oz ?
for only you can buy 10k followers.
fucking camel fuckers cowards picking on civilians
and media reporting bomb devices all over the cd as well. they make up horseshit
talk talk we need action tough action.
cool least your bet it is a worrying time though for you
perfect place to get live media coverage.
who could be doing this ? and why ? do not expect bbc to tell you
so sorry amp fear for the hostages
justification to not permit return to as/uk - they cannot be trusted !
but why a fucking in australia
time we say enough is enough to muslim bs
like i said it is directly across from a big news channel.
god knows you good ppm have already had your share, i am about 5 hrs away from sydney
i am well aware of that. i was not at the time i tweeted that.
sydney siege : hostages held inside martin place cafe – live updates
hope they shoot the gunmen dead
siege hostages held inside martin place cafe – live updates
bout time something exciting happened over there
i take that back. why would you post a pic of an officer in position ??
good to hear thanks.
siege hostages held inside martin place cafe – live updates ” wt ...
thank you for the responsible coverage today.
breaking : heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages .
heavily armed not community activists or protesters. real heroes ! prayers !
heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages. ”
breaking heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages. ”
breaking heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages. ”
mt breaking heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages.
hope they kill him. if not he will just flap his gums for attention
it only one guy with a 22 please shoot him he waste time
until innocent lives are taken. then its kill all terrorists !
breaking heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages. ”
rt breaking heavily armed police storm sydney cafe where gunman has been holding hostages.
get those idiots apprehended immediately !
breaking : hostages held in downtown sydney cafe ; islamic flag displayed -
there is no such thing as an islamic flag. made up by men
is. bet they wish they were armed for self defense. pay attention.
is an flag can nobody translate this by now ?
big jerks. rt breaking : hostages held in downtown sydney cafe ; islamic flag displayed -
i find that hard to believe since australia has a gun ban.
breaking : freed hostage borne high from w/c . 4 paramedic teams on the scene ( carsonscottli
why was this mongrel on bail ?
breaking freed hostage borne high from w/c. 4 paramedic teams on the scene
sydney cafe siege : martin place is in lockdown and surrounding buildings evacuated as a serious siege situation unfolds at
i hope children are not involved in this horrible situation in martin place.
sydney cafe siege : two gunmen and up to a dozen hostages inside the cafe under siege in martin place
not do not misreport please.
i am on my way to save the day bro
look up the flag before proclaiming that
and sadly none of the victims are armed ... only the terrorists.
nice job on the p is ! stay safe bro, them isis people are cray
not flags. check before you report shit, k ?
hope not lost in the bookies n took the place siege bazzelbank.
if you think it could be isis, cut off the oxygen now. no coverage
deserted grounds of the evacuated opera house - more on our live page :
at when will y'all start calling them terrorists ?? when they take y'all hostage ?
but i am hardly surprised.
police confirm that is finally over . two people reportedly injured after suffering gunshot wounds
people escaping and it is all over mow
so thankful everyone is safe it is been a long day
both dead 3 injured
i did not watch the video i was too scared what happened
they have not said anything about the gunman ??
thank god they are all safe now. some wounded, but still safe.
thats the lady from the video
reports police have now identified the hostage taker at . five hostages have escaped , 15 people are believed still
are calling him a terrorist and he is muslim so that is a muslim terrorist
yells abuse and then blocks me. typical big mouth muslim. & amp ;
if he goes by your poly book he is a muslim, your book is the problem
better short minded than without a brain like u cult members
some outlets are saying he took the wrong flag by mistake. any word on that being true ?
hopefully the majority of see him as a terrorist !
are you sure you have not been brainwashed.
awesome work. now let is fumigate that roach outta australia. we do not want him here.
you mean you have not read your koran ????? unfknbelievable, you muslims !
you are a fucking disgusting human being, you are a short minded
he is still whether you like it or not.
he is definitely not a muslim, sir
a terrorist to to them he is just a loyal jihad defending his faith
they should behead the terrorist fucker in public
or shall we call him a rainbow terrorist like baa black oops rainbow sheep
but he is not a good one
he is not a hostage taker, he is muslim terrorist for chrissake.
your bloody book you all adhere too teaches violence against non believers so yes you do
well it is well overdue they did
he is over 200 million people consider themselves muslim and agree with him.
three people seen running out of sydney cafe where hostages have been held for hours - live updates
you mean is. and it is probably the latter.
stop the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
is it the fault of the far right, thatcher or the jews ?
stop the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
i am a bit biased but i would say the jews.
well it will not be islams fault that for sure !
rt 3 people seen running out of where hostages have been held for hours live
the most secular people in the world are terrorists ... because !!!
for only you can buy 3k followers
we can see people coming out a firedoor near the lindt cafe to waiting police . 2-3 people . hard
does it mean the hostage crisis is over ?
watch : the moment two women escaped the .
: the moment two women escaped the. ”
watch the moment another two women escaped the cafe brings it up to 5 free. via ”
rt watch the moment two women escaped the.
twitter is not. they can pix elate any replays
looks like another lone or rather a lone jackal.
really powerful visuals here. : watch : the moment two women escaped the. ”
watch the moment two women escaped the. ”
watch the moment two women escaped the. ” this is terrifying.
watch the moment two women escaped the. ” poor people 😕😕😕
please pix elate faces of victims before broadcasting !
relief for 5 hostages : watch : the moment two women escaped. ”
stop broadcasting the location of the police.
if you are in sydney , err on side of safety . also be very cautious in case lindt cafe
no suspect is waiting for all to see the flag.
if it is he is done now
yes. stay out of completely.
you bet. lots of friends in cd at this prime christmas shopping time !
that’s what i was wondering … 😕
if my geography quite close to commonwealth uk governor general compound ; but seems one incident
praying this ends well and is not a diverse.
same here may be rank amateurs, may be pros ...
may be rank amateurs, may be trained pros ... we have no idea at this stage
hostage taker in sydney cafe siege named by police as iranian refugee haron monis -
capture him and at him. we need intel not dead people. dead do not talk.
hostage taker in sydney cafe siege named by police as iranian refugee aaron monks - ”
background on hostage taker : ”
tap one into his head and be done with it.
not sure but he is fairly well known to australians from past problems and crimes he is committed
some info on him from the past :
dept of immigration and border protection probably would like a mulligan on this one ...
do not you just love the shit that western countries allow in !
oh dear already tight aussie migration policy is about to get a lot tighter !
hostage taker in sydney cafe siege named by police as iranian refugee aaron monks - ”
they approved revealing his identity 10 minutes ago
update : several people have emerged from the building where hostages in sydney are being held
several hostages have emerged from building in sydney ¿əʇɐɯ'ʎɹɐssəɔəu ʎllɐəɹ ɐɾuıu əɥʇ so
details : the hostage site is lindt chocolat cafe near harbor
this is exactly why can shove that up her ass
i hate terrorism and i am worried about the people of our western civilization.
a breakdown of what we know and what we don’t: people hostage at cafe in
love chocolate ... who knew. lol. they gotta make sure its alcohol free of course
another fine example the peaceful religion, right ? where are the speaking out against this ?
well ... you are just a silly paranoid fuck now are not you
fear and relief as these two hostages escape - live :
i saw shit like 6hrs are u in sydney fuck this is so scary !
rt fear and relief as these two hostages escape
fear and relief as these two hostages escape - live : ”
are they employees ? not surprised !
this footage breaks my heart.
fear and relief as these two hostages escape - live : #безумие
he does not want the asians. he wants the whites.
stupid they will achieve nothing by holding hostages or being violent.
wow fear and relief as these two hostages escape - live : ”
the emotion rt fear and relief as these two hostages escape - live :
people have been in hostage since this morning and i do not think its done yet its scary
what do 3 men do though ? they escape at their first chance. cowards
fear and relief as these two hostages escape - live : ”
it is and its really unpredictable as well as everything is so vague
the terror on their faces is just awful : : two hostages escape - live :
fear and relief as these two hostages escape - live : up ??
feels like the world is going to end there are so many horrible things happening one after the other
police shootout ends 16-hour siege in martin place .
it is hard to believe that when islam openly embraces lying and falsehood as key doctrines.
latest reports are that there 13 hostages being held in the centre of sydney , by two armed islamic terrorists
it is an teaching on a flag being used in ways not in accordance with islam itself.
please remove flag “ phrase and replace with “ is style flag “ cheers mate.
how is it now an islamic flag when the writing is on the black standard of islam ?????
its the flag of nasa.
be careful how you report this. not an islamic flag
... sounds so unlike islamic terrorists.
no need to address the terrorists with the word “ islamic “.
set up the snipers and take the filth out with led in the head !!!
it is like that do not want to be likened with kkk is racism and white supremacist.
: heavily armed police look to be storming the lindt café .
heavily armed police look to be storming the linda cafe. ”
sydney siege : hostages in australian cafe forced to hold black and white islamic flag to windows
do not panic is in charge.
because there is only one hostage taker, he will need to sleep, eventually.
send in his bros in exchange ?
hold hostages listen live on radio
because there is only one hostage taker, he will need to sleep, eventually.
oh gig me a break islamic flag ? even saudi was not prophet pbuh fly but white peace.
there is no such thing as a flag of islam ! lol !
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages –
sydney attack - hostages at sydney cafe - up to 20 hostages - up to 2 gunmen - hostages seen
friends in the city ???
get the news channels on lets watch this together
they have no sadly ....
if only people were armed.
i just really hope she stays safe
i am scared it is in the city but
yea probably some holding the isis flag
not flag but two crazy islamic idiots holding 15 hostages armed with shotguns.
wow it is happening holy fuck
' attack ' quit over dramatizing
and are the same person just like hitler and adult
central sydney shut down amid ongoing hostage situation :
do not you have some second rate mar mite to munch ?
i pray all hostages are released unhurt and reunited with their loved ones. terrible, terrible.
because two wrongs obviously make a right, yeah ? “ racist colonial outpost “ – havana nice.
rt central shut down amid ongoing hostage situation : ”
central shut down amid ongoing hostage situation : ”
central shut down amid ongoing hostage situation : “ hope everyone makes it out okay !!
just let the snipers shoot them and be done with it.
rt central shut down amid ongoing hostage situation :
is major banks close sydney branches due to hostage crisis
central shut down amid ongoing hostage situation : ”
because there is only one hostage taker, he will need to sleep, eventually.
hope everything will be okay. there is too much death and destruction in the world !
that flag says what “ : central sydney shut down amid hostage situation : ”
that just made me laugh
radical muslim cleric sheik man haron monis has been revealed as the gunman behind :
but he has nothing to do with islam ..... right ! (^_ ~)
key word. radical. do not tarnish all with the same brush. pfft
question is what has he instructed his disciples to do ??
retract that heading. he is con man and dickhead and none of the above.
i am more concerned for the hostages than some as yet non existent victims.
here mt muslim cleric shark man aaron monks has been revealed as the gunman behind :
how come you can revel that when the police commissioner did not want that ?
religious clergy should know better !!
why the hell would you glorify this idiot by naming him. shame on you !!
makes me glad i am an atheist.
i am in disbelief how irresponsible you are
congratulations for threatening all the lives of the hostages ! so stupid
i will end the discussion there then .....
why is this guy not in prison already ? court system fail
criminally insane poseur acts out dangerous delusion. adopts a terrorist cloak.
oh i remember all the shift this sicko did. should have been shot ages ago
ongoing hostage situation in sydney café . major landmarks like the sydney opera house evacuated
why are other big buildings being evacuated ? police have more info or knee-jerk reaction ?
leftists would soon call the attackers “ secular “
ongoing hostage situation in cafe. major landmarks like the sydney opera house evacuated
see this what happens when overpriced coffee orders are done wrong. someone gets the guy caffeine stat !
still not clear what is happening
yeah his grade mocha double shot latte tasted like pork so he is mad about his coffee !
probably is witnesses irritated with too many slammed doors. no offense to jr is. lol
beans not picked by valdez
the media had no trouble jumping to conclusions re ferguson, etc
good thing outlawed guns because ... oh wait.
has been reported that hostage takers have stated they have devices planted around the cd. precaution
kindly call your army and navy seals ... these are deadly islamic terrorists who blow themselves.
praying for a safe ending to this crisis.
special prayers for tonight : ongoing hostage situation in sydney cafe. ”
he is mad about chocolate.
situation should be dealt with cleverly & amp ; strongly. no mercy for the hostage takers
so there is a hostage situation in sydney ? why will not report it ?
five people have been able to flee the hostage situation in sydney , australia
i pray those people make it home safe. peace- what happened to it ?
prayers to the hostages and their families that they all make it out safely.
still no luck finding a link for this “ apologize “ re pretty sure you imagined it
is mike schemer on apparent motivation for as well :
unconfirmed. they say between 15-30. closer to 15 i think.
were links purged from nether consultingdientseukraine is mh17 confession is found in victims pleadings
purges what tells it to. i will search twitter
what do you mean by “ victims pleading “ ?
the ceo of lindt says there are around 50 people holed up in the cafe in central sydney
what do you mean by devices ? bomb devices ?
office sent people home as there are reports of devices all over cd
the said there may be up to 50
holed or held up ?
think of it as the size of a bank
i feel like you might have meant to say 15. not great fact checking if not.
obviously planned for a while these scumbags.
looks like the number was 12
that is what was reported.
i took this in martin place last week between linda and ch7
bloody hell i hope that is not true.
apparently ch 7 report mgr of store say 50 it is a big shop
news says 13 ...... what is it ? 13, 50, 30, 15 ???????
let is hope it is 12
of says and 50 ppm holed up in cafe in central
police confirm that is finally over . two people reportedly injured after suffering gunshot wounds .
wait till we see the anti immigrant spin on it however.
clearly a bastard clearly inspired by jihads ; clearly not muslim
ignored pleas to extradite hostage taker & gt ; & gt ;:
also would mean one less innocent victim. sorry but unapologetic on this point
police confirm that is finally over. two people reportedly injured after suffering gunshot wounds.
one is the hostage taker. hoping the innocent get home safe
update : reports gunman says four devices are located around sydney . security response underway . police calling for calm
you should not listen to ray harley
everything calm here at domestic airport.
we need prayer for our country, hostages in linda, so sad
is this a fact or another unconfirmed report.
arrest the buggers and make examples of them.
the media needs to keep calm and stop speculating !
not sure if tweeting about “ devices “ is helping police keep the public calm
i was being serious .......
what reports surely you are accurately reporting what is happening !!
how do you know that ?
lindt australia ceo says probably about 10 staff , 30 customers in sydney cafe at time of siege ()
you are extremely if not stupid !
i am guessing did not succumb to sharia compliance halal certification and muftis blessing their chocolates ?
glad sky news is adhering to the appeal from ... not. responsible reporting ? not
hope the police snipers pick them off. more bastards in australia
could have been = speculation
speculation equals facts to the media
an " lonewolf " has taken around 30 people hostage in a sydney cafe and demanded to talk to the
. why is leaks repeating as media ???
her friend posted the screenshot earlier.
here is the lone wolf is demands posted to a hostage facebook wall
down to at 15 apparently.
hi. police have asked for the hostage takers demands not to be tweeted.
is and “ lone wolf ” not a contradiction ?
with 5 hostages having been released or escaped.
chocolate comes at a high price nowadays.
i do not think ever listens to what authorities say.
maybe an 15 minutes of fame.
please do not tweet the hostage-taker is demands. it is at the request of australian police.
australian mufti condemns hostage taking in - statement
this is what muftis are for.
: watch the dramatic moment a group of hostages sprinted from the cafe .
holy. rt watch the dramatic moment a group of hostages sprinted from the cafe. ”
rt watch the dramatic moment a group of hostages sprinted from the cafe.
live feed cut out 30 seconds ago.
they cast just escape unless the terrorist want them too
only if you are x ... you will surely do that
how can one guy take so many people as hostage
... not even with a gun
watch the dramatic moment a group of hostages sprinted from the cafe. ”
that is because they were about to go in all guns blazing.
watch the dramatic moment a group of hostages sprinted from the cafe. this ...
because they have no way to defend themselves.
i know you have it on a loop. i e seen it 22 times now !
get some snipers and shoot the muslim(s)
my god. poor people. powerful and emotional images.
kill these cowards. send a message to isis.
can confirm that several media outlets know the name and background of the hostage taker . holding off publication .
they definitely do. a known person to media and police.
on a reply can confirm that the police have told them not to produce names.
and details about the number of hostages.
what is the bet that they will blow it by int'ing friends/family and not-so-subtle stakeouts. ; (
presume not included in that group ?
appreciate that. please hold this info. no one wants it right now.
i bet his name starts with m
who is your pick for " worst contribution to " - mamamia , uber or the daily tele ?
it is a hard call but has to be the tell ...
i am hoping ray is actions fall into the new laws re : reporting on security matters.
has it he was chatting with a hostage. but that is most dubious.
found it. the people in my
i would say the wins the dubious title of whitest and most unethical reporting on
opportunistic and the other two = just disgraceful journalism
just saved itself with free services !
tv channels have chosen not to show videos of hostages relaying gunman is demands .
and well done for taking it down.
but the hateful daily mail is showing their faces
no. it is fanatics. all religions have extremist factions and they are all wrong ...
. has claimed aired one of the hostage videos.
i know that. perhaps reacts very late on everything the catholic church has done centuries ago
well done to all for doing what is right
its the right thing to do
; dumb ass.
just shoot him marksman have clearly had enough opportunities to do so
this has nothing to do with islam, just like isis ...
i just saw one of the videos here on here in the us.
they do not know whether he has a booby trapped bomb attached to his person.
police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in sydney cafe , police official says .
someone i know just tweeted that people are actually taking self is near the scene of the .....
police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in sydney cafe, police official says. ”
3 hostages escaped just mind ago
scary situation. i am praying for them.
police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in sydney cafe.
more importantly ... where are the dinosaur bones ?
3 hostages that escaped talking to channel 9 must now
for only you can buy 3k followers ...
with this breaking news why are you playing this dinosaur crap ?
police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in sydney cafe, police official says. “
police negotiators have contacted hostage taker in sydney cafe, police official says. ”
uber reverses course after story , now giving free rides to people in downtown . good call :
sound of gears crashing into reverse ...
the best practice is drivers get paid from companies who organizes user services rather than from riders.
but user is still a company of jackals. hope more countries follow spain is example.
user reverses course after story, now giving free rides to people downtown.
because that is what is important here.
rt user reverses course after story, offers free rides to people in downtown sydney. good call
it was an algorithm not trans humanist heartless actions by pricks gets free rides too ?
is over . 2 confirmed dead ,
no. please no. is over. 2 confirmed dead, ”
reportedly 13 hostages & amp ; 2 or more gunmen inside lindt cafe in sydney ()
report 13 hostages & amp ; 2 or more gunmen inside cafe in
hope it works out with no loss of life.
how serious is this hard to discern media hype vs. reality on twitter.
latest : - at least 12 ppl have emerged - police just stormed cafe - gunman believed to be a
this is very like with
but hands do not shoot “ the towel head ! sigh ... go sydney cops !
pretty sure when it is blatantly done in the “ name of god “, they do ....
when is the media going to title the christians that commit crimes ?
read outdoes not stand for real islam '. just another man with a god complex.
gunman is believed to be down.
gunman tossed out of for joining isis.
make him a shoot him. bullet in right ear & amp ; out the left.
162,000 + muslims that call home hoping for safe release of hostages . then , they will brace themselves for
it has somewhat restored my faith in (some) people.
are concerned about the backlash.
except that there is sydneysiders offering to travel with people wearing religious attire to keep them safe
read the thread. hope and humanity.
what makes you think that there will be a serious backlash for all muslims.
check out. a surge of people offering support to those who wear religious garb & amp ;
i am petrified just thinking of the backlash
breaking photo : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe , wave islamic flag
breaking photo gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ”
fucking insane. just read this a couple of minutes ago.
breaking photo gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ” oh new
the flag appears to be associated with a terrorist organization.
our whole city center has gone into lock down. scary.
my thoughts and prayers to those involved.
too early to speculate on islamic flag.
more false flags to further remove rights ?
breaking photo gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ”
photo gunmen take hostages at cafe, wave islamic flag v.
i hope they do not injure any terrorists to get information to save the hostages.
nurse and and flag at linda
hostage taker in sydney cafe demands isis flag and call with australian pm , sky news reports .
must be shot in head through snipers.
just send em a simon flag w/the👉middle finger and a bullet
and it would seem the terrorists are positively counting on that.
surely the government has isis flags ready to give just for this moment.
how to create an islamic enemy “ -
we do not shoot in australia
i thought police asked media not to report demands. why you giving these terrorists a voice ?
one day black flag will fly on the un hq too. playing the flute as world burns.
stick that flag up his ass.
has made various for decades : … similar to those used on
the free world burns as plays the flute. the weakest us prey ever.
for breakfast in today
sadly , at this stage , there are two confirmed deaths from what is described as cardiac arrest . incredibly
oh yes everyone is saying it was confirmed ink
oh now that is terrible. my heart goes out to their families and friends
but they never got hurt (earlier reports) ... it just stressed them to death !!!!
australian tv pictures show police storming cafe under siege in sydney
it is in watching this in tv nd feeling really very emotional ...!!
pictures show police storming cafe under siege in sydney
yup. they also kidnapped our ambassador for 3-4 times and killed our intel and still us waiting.
blimey who is that bloke on bbc news 24 with the massive speculation ?
much ado about publicity seeking perverted iranian muslim
1 policeman hurt they are saying, do not know how bad hope every1 except terrorists is unharmed
either way. to know that u care.
yes 2 ppm injured says cnn. i feel so sad too and i remember our hostage ambassador.
hoping for the safety of the hostages and authorities involved in this situation.
five people killed in county, pa. ; gunman sought, television station reports.
oh lord let them all be alive.!!
i guess all alive one cop might been hurt says cnn
... i can not believe this. this is sick.
this is alliance with us. lol
lets hope the govt thinks twice about letting spineless thugs in there country.
just k et us know when they nail the shark
sorry at ambassador. i remember mumbai 26/11.
sydney airspace closed
still seems to be operating as normal
only over the no big deal.
people hear but do not see the size/location of it on the map !
this have to do with the linda cafe situation ?
is this a coincidence or is this related to linda hostage pitch ? “ : sydney airspace closed ”
they are usually tiny blips on the map
airspace closed ”
mess sent sol ?! “ : sydney airspace closed ”
think of the amount of trouble and cost that causes.
breaking : police have confirmed 3 people escape sydney cafe where hostages are being held
going to be some race riots tonight
what are u watching it lives on ? i am searching ...
see my for last re tweet for link.
thank you lord constantly praying for them in the midst of my finals studying.
breaking police have confirmed 3 people escape sydney cafe where hostages are being held ”
do you suggest that can stop islamization ? can you refute the duran logically ? .
agreed any should be shipped out of the country practicing islam means you are against humanity
escaped or released ugh semantics
extensively cover this on air for those who can not watch events unfold otherwise
will bee another or germany so fucked up
prayer works keep praying for those still inside !
sydney hostage-taker has reportedly demanded an isis flag
has reportedly demanded an isis flag surprise there. when will the siege end ?
it is close to 10 hours now and still the sydney hostage taker has not made his demands .....
theres your flag now go home
nm bloody sends electric waves to girls for physical relationships despite having own wife, extreme characterless
has reportedly demanded an isis flag ” || terrorism has no religion ?!!
nm bloody sends electric waves to girls for physical relationships despite having own wife, extreme characterless
is secular and will stay secular uk
he seems crazy why would any terrorist ask for a flag !
why home ... go to jail hell
no flags available as they are being used to clean dog shit off the streets.
idiots forgot their flag at home
sending positive energy to the people in as “ : sydney hostage-taker has reportedly demanded an isis flag ”
has reportedly demanded an isis flag ” what 😱
really surprising that there no word yet from you condemning the fact that one hostage is an indian
as per the request of police , we will not be airing any of the gunman is demands or what
oh and get the fuck out of my country you filthy muslim daeshbag !
is not a race you fucking terrorist supporting oxygen thief !
wait you forced hostages to talk to you ?
what about stop publishing the identities of the hostages without their consents.
oh sees that clears it up !
good. and stop reporting on the whole incident. you are only encouraging them
i think you need to educate yourself about prophet ahmad.
quite right. leave it to police.
but we will ensure that everyone knows we know them
heavy police activity at sydney cafe shown on livestream just now . many shots fired .
i saw this live on tv, and it was awful. tons of gunfire flashes ...
rt heavy police activity at sydney cafe shown on live stream just now. many shots fired.
full statement from pm abbott on .
could not care less about anyone but herself. she does this all the time.
poor form not removing names.
is not it etiquette to remove names from a press release ?
and to be it puts it into perspective to a mr bolt as well.
same old same old story more lies from the weasel liar pm
thanks for the update
: what we know
they do this cause they know citizens can not carry concealed !!
what we know ” stay safe !!!!!
what we know ”
a reason why want a tough immigration policy. biting the hands that feed you
hostage does anyone really know wt is the truth there ?
still got a lot of supposition, guesswork and unsubstantiated connections there.
i read it was one guy with a shotgun and possible bomb.
praying for safe release of hostages
what we know ” oh my god
add to it that banks are closed and flights to sydney said to be diverted
hope everything will come back to normal.
what we know ” this is terrifying
breaking : another five hostages seen escaping ()
breaking another five hostages seen escaping () ”
scary ..
. where is monks that they are able to get out ? asleep ?
. is reporting a “ loud bang “. (not a play on words. )
breaking another five hostages seen escaping () ”
breaking another five hostages seen escaping “
surely he breaks for prayer 5 times a day ? ideal chance to leg it.
uber backtracks , offers free rides after prices were gouged for people fleeing from sydney hostage drama :
i think the jury is still out on them legitimately having a conscience.
too late. damage done. not welcome in australia.
someone at user can have a sleep-in tomorrow ...
that makes sense. but it also would not be out of character for a button to be involved
the company is reputation takes an almost daily hit. they can do better by their customers.
will be pleased to hear this. still absurd to begin with.
hearing about the hostage situation in sydney , i hope everything calms soon , and no one is harmed
i saw the news about it this morning ! and yes i hope so
suicide is never a joke under any circumstance
please do not waste my time with you idiocy ,it is annoying .
i was waiting for this tweet
do not say that ! it cabs scar someone ! fudge you !
well i am mean you tweeted a paragraph to me but k
yeah well you went against something i stand for, of course i am going to say something.
everything is gonna be fine 💪
hostages held in downtown sydney cafe — live updates from ,
i hope everyone gets out safely !!!
hostages reported in armed robbery situation inside café in martin place , sydney -
when will people learn to look inside and love one another ...? how sad
for only you can buy 10k followers
not armed they are holding is flag to the window
hostages reported in armed robbery situation inside cafe in martin place, sydney - ”
it is the in martin place. an islamic state flag had been seen in a window
hostages reported in armed robbery situation inside cafe in martin place, sydney - ”
sage. very scary. i hope no one gets hurt.
do not shoot the chocolate !
praying for all affected by this robbery.
. the state damn these bastards !
breaking : gunman takes hostages in cafe in martin place , sydney
gt has 800 followers and still alive & amp ; kicking !
breaking gunman takes hostages in cafe in martin place, sydney ” hope everyone is ok
how very brave of them.
thank god it is a religion of peace, imagine the bloodshed if it was not.
this is insane : breaking : gunman takes hostages in cafe in martin place, sydney ”
gt has 800 followers and still alive & amp ; kicking ! ”
total 5 hostages have left lindt ; 3 men , 2 women . live : .
i believe twitter reported the sydney authorities say report of 6th escapee is unsubstantiated.
per 6 total have now escaped.
yes but then it will be their choice
this is very irresponsible not these people have any right to privacy ?
look and put in as location to see all social media on sydney siege.
definitely adding that tweet to my
take a break from bashing cheney and waterboarding . possible isis terrorist attack ongoing in sydney .
thank it is a religion of peace, imagine if it were otherwise ...
and universities produced barrack obama number 1 terrorist supporter in disguise
well what does it say then ? do you know ? translate if possible
seems like should have said no to muslim immigrants.
you cannot compare their mindset to fanatics like isis/ al ada
its not the same flag that isis uses
this picture is so sad. these girls looked terrified and crying.
thank you. good point.
according to they were the jv team so why waste resources water boarding the bench warmers ?
it is probably a peaceful demonstration.
what is it w lies and their love of straw man arguments ?
liberals hate more than they hate terrorists.
tut. a potential case of “ workplace violence “ in a sydney cafe.
you poor fellow i guess the polio vaccine was for naught since polio is making a comeback.
on account of it worked so well the first time.
. your local community college offers classes in logic. avail yourself of one.
first photos : hostage pressed against a window .
caution could be an event many conflicting reports coming from
first photos : hostage pressed against a window. ”
please stop releasing these pictures !
via first photos hostage pressed against a window. ”
first photos hostage pressed against a window. ” shit
people and police are requesting not to tweet photos/information.
first photos hostage pressed against a window. ”
further reporting gunman says there are 4 bombs : 2 in cafe and 2 elsewhere in cbd .
what a joke ... at least claim a source of some sort to be slightly credible !!
what is your source or are you just causing anxiety in the community. report do not speculate
lies and false claims. just to make a big story
oh no. god plus save all the innocent people plus god plus
why are you guy reporting demands made by the gunman after being told not to release this information ?
where is this info come from ?
can we snipe this b ****** if he is solo and ai not wearing an explosives ' jacket ?
the media should be shut down no til situation resolved. all peddling crap.
do they know that or are they just reporting that ?
endless speculation or sensitive information gained by leaksmsm has no shame
islamist militants take hostages in sydney café , display black jihadist flag
no. you should know in not being serious, idiot
thats right good call its just like the fairness of 911 we say buulllsssshhhiiittt here in oz
hard to tell sarcasm in written word ...
you just maybe getting just a bit ahead of the facts of this matter with this report.
its a jihad u imbicielssssssssssss like ur cross is not from pedro priestttttttttt
its like all over again
if i were a mind reader i would be a billionaire dick head
it is not a jihads flag, get your facts right !
if i were a mind reader i would be a billionaire dickhead !!!
is showing the world it has global reach. something to think about.
it was a joke you moron
how is this or even comparable ?
wait a moment i thought i saw a wholly profit preying for a child bride !
da'ash flag please get it right.
if those scum are caught they know they will not even get water boarded.
let is worry about torture ? kill em all
your picture is potentially endangering a police officer.
can not you spot a joke ?
breaking news : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe , wave islamic flag
i am willing to put any amount of money they want to keep those chocolate safe
u state suck my dick with bacon wrapped around it
breaking news gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ” well fuck
thank god i love everything chocolate including my men ... i mean milk.
rt breaking news : gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag
i want some chocolates now
that is not the flag ...
breaking news gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ”
breaking news gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag ”
breaking news gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag smhhhh
news gunmen take hostages at sydney cafe, wave islamic flag via
construction workers gather in front of opera house after evacuation :
construction workers gather at aft evacuation
and prayers to hostages. 13-30 held by islamist. 🆘❤️🆘
50 ways to help the planet and care the water
that is what happens when you confiscate guns from lawful citizens
i so hope my cousin is in this picture and not the cafe !!
i wonder what role thinks.
la opera evacuate : opera house after evacuation : ”
praying for the safety of all the hostages being held by some criminal in the cafe in sydney . preparing
so tell me again who we invaded on 9/11 idiot
society is ppm. read all known voices
worthless lowlife scumbag filth
does that no amount to an indirect collective support/association by dat part of d society/community ?
why should i bother since you ignorant bigots have no interest in even trying to have an open mind
depressing how many people appear to believe in guilt-by-association + collective punishment in supposedly civilized societies
how about you fuck asshole ?
why do not bigots like you ask “ why is this stuff only happening now ?
that is drone no hearings, no gizmo detainees.
yeah. hilarious. you piece of shit.
have lived in western societies for centuries in peace
yes it is aright with me,
. there you go with that guilt-by-association fallacy again.
ignorant bigots accusing others of ignorance and bigotry. oooh that is my favorite.
you are one sick woman - i am sure the are aware of your sympathies with terrorists
strange you sound. playing no explicit denouncing. right human nature ?
you have wounded me so much ! f-off ! joy to the world !
literally can hear people reading islamaphobic tweets and getting angry at them (the tweets) in my office
why do not you explain it to us “ bigots ? “
so tell me again who invaded a country that had nothing to do with 9/11, moron
sigh
amp what makes you think i support obama ?
strange flag in , not the one affiliated with .
gives away that these are muslims declaring no god but allah and mo is his prophet.
recently established homegrown group ?
it is a logo on the window, reflected on the flag
it is the profession of islamic faith
strange flag not the one affiliated with. ”
does it really make a difference, i did not think the isis flag were commercially available.
picture of one of the women seen running from the cafe . she is wearing a uniform with the lindt
picture of women seen running from the cafe. she is wearing a uniform w/ the linda logo via
it is a
as we know : what a woman is wearing is * always * relevant.
i wrote it expecting a few more but then still get surprised when someone actually bites 🙈😂
well to be fair i believe they are mentioning it because it shows she is an employee
yeah it is definitely a strange way to put it ...
why post pictures of victims ? do you have their consent ?
this is in when was there a protest against cops anyway ?
not sure any required. public domain etc
i hope you were being ironic, too ...
in not too bright are you ?
i am glad the sarcasm was only lost on one person here ...
what a horrible comment. most mcdonald staff are just kids trying to make a living.
ongoing hostage situation in sydney café . australian pm convenes national security committee of cabinet
i doubt these terrorists are of pakistani origin
rt ongoing hostage situation in sydney. australian pm convenes national security committee of cabinet
someone tells the suspect that the oversize bear inside the cafe is not called mohammad !
i cannot load the page … ?
it does not represent all but majority of muslims are involved in any kind of terrorism.
bots will conquest all the world.
get coffee on way to work its xmas do not risk your lives this could be ww
no pay increases for staff ; mp is get 11% rise on a minimum wage of £67k
us consulate in reportedly evacuated amid ongoing hostage situation at chocolate shop
we will use the for cover
thanks. consulate. embassy in canberra.
regime vs. the front terrorist group in
there are reports from eyewitnesses that hostages are being outfitted in backpacks !!! can anyone confirm ???
no we need covert action. send in the malays
a little less talking a little more shooting these jihads between the eyes !
no that is untrue. the person holding the people hostage apparently has a backpack though.
damn the law send in the cross !. lol
there are reports of a black flag being shown with arabic writing on it.
means a lot coming from you sarah
us consulate reported evacuated in ongoing hostage situation
we can both look forward to a nice fosters when it is over
guns are illegal and banned it australia right ? dumbasses
us consulate n evacuated amid hostage situation at shop send in.
all out assault better get the dingoes in on this
well if their police take him with a choke hold un sanctions will follow.
yeah. the boomerangs they will be a flying !. lol
this calls for action send in the kangaroos !
: at least two people have died following the . 5 people are being treated by paramedics .
what is happened to the guy !
ideally the 2 dead are the ones that were practicing their “ religion of peace “
fuck fuck fuck no for gods makes
hostage situation ongoing in sydney business district . live : updates :
i thought there is a total gun ban in australia ? how could this happen ?
we need to get this trending
good with this. mt : hostage situation ongoing in sydney. updates : via
look at all that military gear !!!! those bad cops, get that shit off.
hostage situation ongoing in sydney business district. live : “
is the enemy of the civilized world. it is obvious.
report the stop avoiding what is really happening around the world.
another hostage flees the scene of the | | courtesy
better quality another hostage flees the scene of the via | | courtesy
rt another hostage flees the scene of the | | courtesy
another hostage flees the scene of the | | courtesy ”
that is good quality vine mate !
another hostage flees the scene of the | | courtesy ” that poor woman is terrified
another hostage flees the scene of the | | courtesy ”
a hostage flees siege in australia - not clear how many people now held. courtesy
dramatic another hostage flees the scene of the | | courtesy ”
another hostage flees the scene of the | |
sydney opera house among buildings evacuated due to :
opera house among buildings evacuated due to : very en dichtbij
you treat as a religion and you reap this ...
because there is only one hostage taker, he will need to sleep, eventually.
just prayers for the aussies mt “ : sydney buildings evacuated due to : ”
man. seems bad sydney opera house among buildings evacuated due to : ”
rt opera house among buildings evacuated due to :
rt opera house among buildings evacuated due to :
opera house among buildings evacuated due to : ”
we hope the people around sydney will be safe.
opera house among buildings evacuated due to :
come you just like it
opera house among buildings evacuated due to : ”
rt opera house among buildings evacuated due to :
tweets ' canada is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends . ' 13-40 hostages held in cafe in
13 to 40 hostages 😱
five free but an unknown number remain trapped in dramatic siege in sydney :
definitely adding that tweet to my
bots will conquest all the world.
what has this got to do with palestine. stop using palestine as justification of muslim kill okay
false staged event.
watching n prayers r with them. . 😠😠
is schemer warned of apparent motive for :
not freed. escaped. get your story right.
why do not u ask the ones who escaped how many people are in there ?
hypocrite media what debt n y this hash tag sydney siege hypocrites
suggest listen to is schemer at for motive
five free but an unknown number remain : ” the escape footage is just.
could be linked to extremists “ ?! you could stop mocking yourself for once.
: police have confirmed that the is over .
police have confirmed that the is over. ” praise the lord above 😭😭🙌
police have confirmed that the is over. ”
police have confirmed that the is over. ” thank god 🙌🙌
police have confirmed that the is over. “ finally its official
rt police have confirmed that the is over. ”
thank you so much to the new police for doing such an incredible job x
police have confirmed that the is over. ”
police have confirmed that the is over. ” day
absolutely chilling images we just witnessed. hope there are no casualties
oh thank god i am concerned about the hostages welfare.
police have confirmed that the is over. ”
police have confirmed that the is over. ” thank god
police have confirmed that the is over. ”
sydney gunman was shot by police and is confirmed dead
um i never said u were wrong. i said do not create hysteria until it is confirmed.
that sort have to resort to that ...
best news of the now you can meet up with your virgins, you shit house.
gunman was shot by police and is confirmed dead ”. excellent news best outcome
now they have confirmed it. go for your life !
gunman is dead. believe it or not, i care not.
peter why do you waste time on these twits ? & lt ; -
what is it like being an overbearing idiot & amp ; proven wrong ?
: two more hostages have just escaped from
two more hostages have just escaped from ”
two more hostages have just escaped from ”
i wish the slippers would take this creep out
according to seven , this is a picture of the gunman
who do you think you’re “ informing ” ?
there is stupid and there is mark son is stupidity which is on another planet altogether
we learn a lot from boston nothing happened.
what is wrong with you ?
it is called effect.
bugger riding get a sniper to shoot him.
looks like a little green man !
if you can have a photo of this bloke then just snipe him in the head.
there is 2 of them though
i am not watching but it sounds as if it is being treated as sport.
. your stupidity is beyond belief. just stop if you are capable of that.
put a bullet in the wankers head
have you got a clue ? there are people is lives at stake.
stupid. media learn nothing from boston.
she is suitor stupid that she is completely incapable of realizing it.
. police have asked all on social media to desist publishing anything fha
the sydney cafe siege may be part of a larger plot .
he could pull another beacons field !
she will repeat every thing as if we are all stupid.
their entire coverage has been a joke. see the uni professor explain hypothetical in hostage situations ?
rt the cafe siege may be part of a larger plot. ”
it is called islam. “
stick to the facts and stop trying to scare the australian public !
the siege may be part of a larger plot. ”
the flag has writing on it not islamic writing.
the siege may be part of a larger plot. ”
your coverage is stick to the facts ...
in sure will tell us just
a red or a feint ...
but coming up ugh !
surprised that is not there giving his expert opinion. or even offering himself as an intermediary
update : police confirm they have made contact with the gunman . there are no reported injuries .
peaceful place under attack ... now world must unite against these forces
it is an flag you ignorant people
: & amp ; have the latest on the hostages inside the lindt cafe . ch 601
rt have the latest on the hostages inside the linda cafe.
most muslim men i know would risk their lives to take down that coward holding hostages in the
i hope that is true. but part of me doubts it.
there is no proof and just sounds like unintelligent jingoistic nonsense. more weapons does not equate safety.
wrong more weapons in the hands of the good equal less violence.
that is also because of higher security and intelligence. you can not honestly be this dumb.
most men and women i know would never be taken hostage. they would fight or die trying
do not believe that at all
facts say you know my friends ?? most of them are armed, that is a fact
opposed amp criticized and mocked, yes ; but not banned.
maybe one of them should.
there is no proof that works.
same mate. well said.
send in those brave “ brothers in arms “. they'r e brave in gangs all right
what a load of shit. facts say otherwise.
mule. most are cheering the jihad attack. islam is a sick cult should be banned
call up one of the brothers in sydney and tell him to prove your point.
i think any areal ' muslim man/woman would actually do so.
sydney is central business district is under lockdown as gunman takes hostages at a cafe . live stream as it
entire has been locked down by their counterpart. much bigger achievement.
it has already unfolded. pm of as has held his first press conference
us has to wake up and stop muslim immigration to their country
mt is central business district is under lockean as gunman takes hostages at a cafe live :
breaking : sixth hostage escapes from ()
breaking sixth hostage escapes from () ”
yes. rt breaking sixth hostage escapes from ()
make sure they do not torture him. play nice. would not want him to get upset
is that not gunfire heard in background of escape footage ?
breaking sixth hostage escapes from () ”
gunman takes several hostages in sydney cafe , parades islamic militants ' flag in window . opera house also evacuated
this bullshit is nothing to do with the islamic religion, these militant extremist are holes deserve death
understood. i am still waiting on confirmation that what they believe has not been interpreted by religious teachings
for info the symbol above the arabic letters is .... linda emblem ....
yeah sure. at it again.
i am with you on that one. not trying to start an argument.
so they do not recite any part of islamic texts ?
our thoughts are with them. do not turn this into a religious debate, people.
what is it then look at the translation
the religion of peace at work again
: a sixth hostage has escaped from the café in .
come on more can make it out
via a sixth hostage has escaped from the cafe in. ”
a sixth hostage has escaped from the cafe in. ” 😊
: loud bang heard , five more hostages run from cafe - watch live :
paramedics performing cpr on someone right now watch live : ”
looks like the squad has stunned the place. more terror
breaking : hostages are being forced to hold an isis flag at a lindt cafe in sydney is martin place
yeah you are probably right. google is the experts on isis related flags
it is not an is flag a simple google search can show u that.
thanks that is awesome !
no they pretty much show u the flags. but keep going its funny
yes as in a chocolate - cafe and shop.
this is what can happen when guns are banned. evil will prevail unchecked.
that is not an is flag specifically.
how pathetic these poor people !
what does this even mean ? i have studied both is and muslim symbolism.
is just a coffee shop, right ? or is it something else ?
and you are not an authority on what shit is ..... “ specifically “
not the flag being used by isis
works fine for the cameras. does the job
are you joking because yes, i sort of am.
this is totally not the isis flag !
any demands money prisoner releases ? omfg.
: there are reports the hostage-taker claims to have up to four bombs .
is not that speculation at this stage.
watch the video to see the evil truth of islam
why is he wearing an apron ?
there are reports the hostage-taker claims to have up to four bombs. ”
no a clock strapped to some hot dogs is not a bomb !
all the stations showing his flag u should grow some balls and replace it (australian flag)
there are reports the hostage-taker claims to have up to four bombs. ”
chickens are coming home to roost .... all this was made in america by that affair obama
there are reports the hostage-taker claims to have up to four bombs. ”
this is the scene of the at the lindt chocolate cafe in | live blog :
great coverage by the keep up the good work. im staying tuned in to abc 24
mt scene of at linda chocolate cafe in | live blog :
this is awful news please let this end peacefully !
uber sydney trips from cbd will be free for riders . higher rates are still in place to encourage drivers
. every can takes a m40 $30 discount voucher. but then is not public transport.
ah that makes sense then thanks
what do you pay your drivers ?
cut the they wanted to surge price now back tracking
calm down its one
. seems. a global marketing disaster user is trying to fix.
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
is covering the cost of all rides.
what do you define as cd ? where does the boundary end ?
thanks for the reply. i will share the link
i am baffled by how few of its customers actually know how user works.
you are dumb. sorry for saying anything, dummy.
thanks for the free ride home today. i felt very safe and got home efficiently.
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
. they presumed their customers were not economic illiterates. they presumed wrong.
glad i am not the only one who is confused ...
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
so is user paying for the rides paying the drivers ?
so are rides free or more expensive ? your tweet is very unclear
trying to get in anyone at the phones ?
faster back flip than tony abbott !
hikes prices during the. how is that helping ? giving away free rides would help.
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
being literate in economics is out of favor these days. bad for politics.
when you first became aware of the situation you tweeted that prices will increase.
does ' higher rate ' mean what is paying drivers ?
thanks user i got everyone here at work now downloading your app
is covering the cost of all rides, drivers will still receive higher rates from user
no idea what you mean ?
i see your point. maybe should make transport free from the cd today.
the rides are free. will be paying the drivers the increased rate out of their own pocket.
but you do user for trying to increase drivers. my work here is done your honor.
swarming because of a concert or event ? fine. swarming during a hostage crisis ? not cool.
is covering the cost of all rides.
is covering the cost of all rides.
well that is not true. first, you tweeted an explanation about why you were gouging customers.
thank you for fixing this situation.
i got that. thank you for your great service.
at least they are righting a wrong. i will grant them that.
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
is covering the cost of all rides.
you called user public it is not. pt is for everyone not just the elite.
only after backlash. kinda like getting your hand caught in the cookie jar. ?
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
. you refused to pay for them to be at the phones. enjoy your walk.
initial message did imply that riders can cop hike. much better.
trips out of the cd today are free to help sydneysiders get home safely. see
did not make it very clear in the beginning.
listen up dumdum. they are paying the drivers more. reading is a skill.
what is the wait time for a ride out of the sydney cd ?
you are aware that this tweet ... is giving away free rides, right ?
so free or surge pricing ?
do not know if you are being sarcastic or going of topic
ultra capitalism backflip - rethinks fee hike amid
no it is for peoples safety you have no compassion
the decent thing to do !
how much are taxis charging ?
ultra capitalism back flip - rethinks fee hike amid ”
just encrypt it and decentralize it ! more power to the people, no fees !
its great when illegal transport services do back flips
a case when bad is very bad publicity !!
ultra capitalism back flip - rethinks fee hike amid ”
an artist with a view.
403 error. tried searching for it, where did this article go ??
flag in window of sydney lindt cafe not an isis flag . reads : ‘ there is no god but
... it is copying dumbassery has kind of been their bag for centuries.
yeah send them to in syria.
people should be kind to each other and live together no matter which religion.
not a great comfort but an important detail to emphasis.
along with all life hating alan vomit jones listeners too, that would help, the redneck brigade.
so its not an is flag - must be a peaceful islamic extremist group then !
it is according to this terrorism expert
then i guess we all do not need to worry ???
go get the thugs now !!!
support a to avoid giving the hostage takers a platform for their message & amp ; risking future copycats
too many apologists with their heads up there are. should get ready to kiss it goodbye
there is something really wrong with these people. export them back.
you say what blackout ? how will the hide the budget then ?
so why can not tell us the same
i it was mostly aimed at but thought you would also be interested in that piece
agree when deny is islamic it is a clear cut case of
good to see somebody did some research 👏👏👏
so it is not but islam in general. much better ... better think up a new word
who cares about the the people being held hostage are more important.
nsw police : police negotiators have had contact with hostage-taker in ongoing sydney cafe siege .
why can not spell ? it is siege !
for only you can buy 3k followers,
hostage situation in sydney is happening next door to is studio -- this is a live stream of the coverage
thanks for posting the brother brian.
that is street behind studio via link truck. live studio stream cut
a live coverage is pretty warped. stop it.
it is working for me.
7 is still showing a long-distance shot ; some police visible.
all live streams have been cut as per police directive.
i am watching it now. thanks for the link. great public service, brian.
live feed just been cut for security reasons apparently.
live stream hostage situation in sydney happening next door to is studio -- coverage ”
must not use disproportionate force on the poor peace loving mosley inside of the newly liberated cafe.
yeah just no live shot of linda cafe itself.
breaking news : alert of armed explosives at sydney is opera house . all airspace near the area has been
most likely almost all of them are terrorists.
glad to hear that yikes
i take that my apologies.
where did you get this news from ? please do not speculate.
plus there is the hostage thing in the cafe.
this was misinformation since discounted. at this stage hostage situation only.
still no information about hostage taker : unclear if alive , injured or killed
police just confirmed siege is over so say his dead and the bomb squad robot is going in
hopefully this cockroach is dead !
who cares about the hostage taker, what about the hostages
: another four or five hostages have escaped from the café in .
another four or five hostages have escaped from the cafe in. ” yes messes
another four or five hostages have escaped from the cafe in. ” bro !!!!
oh my god that is amazing !!!!
: latest video of hostages escaping .
looks like a bomb disposal robot is getting ready to go in
where is sharp ton to a rest the cops. australian cops are awesome !!!
boil him in pig i.e. lard.
unreal. like a movie “ : : latest video of hostages escaping. ””
hope they smoked that dickhead
how long before fox viewers blame this on president obama ? 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
any update on pa shooting ?
saw the flash but sydney dominating the reports right now
watch live latest video of hostages escaping. ”
police have identified who the gunman is . he is known to police . nsw police have asked the abc
are they capable of restraining ? tough times these days at abc
for god is nobody glorifies him. there is enough vitriol swirling around tonight.
then it would be criminal if the did identify him.
good. do not. you can when it is all over.
and he has a shot gun ... he obviously was not that well known.
do not worry the morons will do that for you 😉
police and emergency response units working well with responsible media- thankfully this cooperation exists.
go to his house and take his family hostage ?
thank god. let is wait for police to execute.
police have identified who the gunman is. police asked the abc not to identify him ”
why are they protecting the scum
i hope they can keep ray harley on the leash
can we learn from past mistakes ? will temptation of making big $ overrule logic. more news at8
customers in sydney cafe taken hostage . siege in center of city . watch our friends
is getting all this free re tweet press coverage. keep making them relevant😂😂😂😂
maybe not give them the coverage they so badly want ?
dude was the world is calm place ....
why gives these guys the attention they want ?
aussie grand mufti & amp ; imam council condemn hostage capture - live updates
oh the flag ... do not seem very moderate now, do they ?
they should be at the door asking the dude to give it up
all terrorist events are diversions from the financial crimes the financial terrorists are committing
sure they do the koran instructs muslims to lie to infidels. download a hilarious free koran parody
the woman in this appears to be one who escaped.
hostage taker in sydney cafe demands 2 things : isis flag , phone call with australian pm .
would not he has his own flag if he was really involved with that group though ?
we all already know why this is happening :
rt police have asked media outlets not to reveal the demands the hostage taker has made.
inside source the demand is that aussies pull out of the middle east
flags seem to be hard to get these days ...
this is happening because this bloke is a dopey lunatic like your yourself.
just let those people go and stop talking foolishness.
demands an flag for what ?? let him have the call ! see what he says ?
local media reporting 3 demands but refusing to release the 3rd for security reasons.
hostage taker in demands 2 things : isis flag, phone call with australian pm. via
hostage taker in demands 2 things : isis flag, phone call with australian pm. via
gunfire and explosions continue as police storm cafe in sydney .
medics are doing on someone.
i wonder if it actually only one guy
gunfire and explosions continue as police storm cafe in sydney. ” loud noises.
why you typing in caps far
the one time y'all do not have a live stream
there are no verses in the quran about me wanting anyone to hold hostages in a chocolate shop in sydney
religion does not have to do anything with development, you fool !!!!?
liked to fuck little aisha. he liked 6 year old girls.
you are kidding they are making them hold islamic flags up and most of there crimes are religiously motivated
our religion is religion of peace. god does not like blood-shed.
and god are the same thing low just different names
is the word for god ......
you should tweet this from your “ allah “ alternate account so they take it serious.
well then it was communicated very wrongly. not everyone who worships idols are traitors.
making a point about grow a brain.
the only cure for religion : education.
oh my god but that is illegal
fuck fuck go fuck your goats.
bullshit. follows the sun nah.
actually there kind of is ...
he can do whatever he wants, he is god. (pbuh)
that full gown preserves her dignity. those full gown are better than your prostitutes.
this verse was released on this issue.
ya right. the psychopath pedophile slaver.
you are too ?
bullshit ... slay the idolaters wherever you find them, and take them captive ... “
now they live in mud huts and wipe there are with packets of quavers
are not we about due for a plague or two ? time to thin the herd.
as if that had stopped them. welcome to the monkey house, god
probably because its not actually true mate
yes ... and idol worshipers signed a 3 months peace agreement but they broke the agreement ....
of course is too - it is the same guy.
congrats on your tweet !
specially around chocolate is easter your pricks
so has actually gone mad with perceived power. what a goon.
killed more ppm than in any war and it was your doing, so stu
like to kill enslave them and rape them and you fuckers think that is okay ?
did not know low. but ok
is the ugliest extension of & amp ; has nothing 2 do with or the
defending a belief system that condones wife-beating(sarah 4:34) and murder for unbelief makes you a dick.
there you it is a pathetic religion
all the states are against isis and we are helping nato fight against them.
no one has guns it says he is armed.
you know it was a joke, right ?
translates to the god “ in arabic so yeah.
actually this verse was intended for those idol worshipers who betrayed their pact
sorry god but you are wrong. have not you read your own prophet is hadditha ?
mosques , synagogues and churches are inviting the public to pray for sydney hostages tonight .
i am surprised he has not been taken down by the hostages - outnumbered badly.
so is he just holed up until the bigger event happens ?
oh just what we need ... more religion !
that could also explain having the wrong flag - somebody else had the right flag.
: viral aussie solidarity amid islamic state links
i will ride u and ur mom
u look like waiting for a cum shot on that ugly face
is being hijacked by isis.
face is the real terror u ugly mono
chickens coming home to roost 500 australian terrorist in syria y do not u morn syrians u punk
the more you tweet more you expose the ugly face of an islamist.
we love the initiative . spread and compassion . thoughts are with all those affected .
we agree. it is important to remember this today and every day. make a lifelong pledge !
sydney siege has now hit the 12 hour mark – live with latest summary of events
excellent roundup here siege has now hit the 12 hour mark – live with the latest summary of events
considering this police did a great job in countering the terrorists on 26/11.
gun man picked his target specifically to get media attention.
if you are taking selfies outside the hostage situation , you seriously need to reevaluate your life ...
must be fucking kidding me .... morons.
what a bunch of sick vapid twits.
they should all be caged.
could not agree more. technology has turned the human race into insensitive, unintelligent narcissists.
technology bringing out the inner assholeness of people
what a sick world we are living in.
yes depressing on all levels.
now they are famous assholes ! that never wears off.
the lebanese muslim association has issued a statement condemning and calling for calm .
and of course will ignore it and say the muslim community never speak out
terror has no religion these goons who play with innocent lives should be dealt firmly
the letter clearly ends we pray ....... “
they are religious people that is mostly what they do.
sure world pray for that innocent ppm
quite so we either question what is being prayed for or its efficacy
on the : all our people are safe & amp ; accounted for after our martin place studios were evacuated
you are asking stupid questions.
all our people safe camp ; accounted4 aft our studios were evacuated dour thoughts w all involved
i am happy to hear that but what is with the massive logo scrolling
is there any truth to the rumor about a train being hijacked in edge cliff ?
good news. prayers from this ends peacefully
good to hear you guys are safe. let is hope the same outcome for the hostages.
to the tourists taking selfies outside the - how would you like to be in that café ?
it would be great if u were in there ...
so you started yet suddenly definitions do not matter anymore when they go against you ?
are they definitely from the siege ?
this is terrible. making an ugly situation more ugly.
siege porn. what next ?
your surly paddling snap to all intents and purposes, a self.
... and i would not necessarily say that “ definitions ... have gone against me “.
correct. nevertheless it is a portrait of sorts. to the viewer it makes little\no difference.
i should think most people can differentiate between a portrait taken by someone else and a self
ha ha ha. chester was the place i was talking about, thronged in summer !
and this is why i will never, ever take a self.
who are you calling me surly ? that is me at my happiest in my happy place
can we swap them with the hostages ?
fair point. but i use to hi-light the “ nit-picking “ nature of my tweet ...
sadly media will pay or use pics.
hope you are proud of yourself, 2014 mt “ : tourists taking series outside the ”
how do you know they are all holiday makers and not locals ?
so many people appear to have their brain surgically removed before venturing on holiday
my point us that it does not matter either way.
ghouls and their detachment from reality should worry them when they think it over.
. says the gunman is reportedly well-known to both police and the media .
of course he is they are always another cia false flag
i mean some catholics have done that and others in other authoritative positions.
oh no not peter more ...
and how do we know that ? speculation or fact ?
i am thought of all them people in the cafe
this is a false flag. divert from d bad budget. n cause racial division
says the gunman is reportedly well-known to both police and the media. ”
it likely would be because it occurred across the street from the channel 7 studios
says gunman reportedly well-known to both police and the media. harris ?
praying for these poor hostages. i hope the gun man gets a bullet in his head !
dude what type of terrorist forgets his flag ? or not even the right one
not to mention he was involved with a murder and was a sexual predator under disguise of being spiritual
what does that mean he is a public figure ?
obviously he is well known he is been on the news for the last ten hours.
video footage shows police storming sydney cafe
one of the craziest things i have seen ! omg ! thankfully it is over !
video footage shows police storming sydney cafe ”
it is just that people do not feel discussion & amp ; communication can solve problems anymore
video footage shows police storming sydney cafe ”
rt video footage shows police storming sydney cafe ”
video footage shows police storming sydney cafe ” 😨
video footage shows police storming sydney cafe ”
negotiations do not get serious with unreasonable people until too much damage done. always that way.
video footage shows police storming sydney cafe ” 🙏
video footage shows police storming sydney cafe ”
good but the police must be careful.
rt video footage shows police storming sydney cafe
sky news reporter at the scene of the . live now on sky news +
how about you stop showing police positioning ?
mt at the scene of the. live now on sky news +
breaking news leaders condemn ... oh yeah that would never happen !!!
this is a wake up call to as.
had to share this on my. thank you !
let is keep in mind that no one associates the kkk with christianity
let is keep in mind no one associates islam with publicly hanging or beheading gays.
you are spreading lies. i know the answers.
your hatred for milk gets you blocked.
i was wondering why you were discussing this on the hostage ha stag.
your inability to reason gets you called an idiot.
the attorney general who bugged and harassed milk was bobby kennedy.
not denying but still false equivalency. southern democrats very diff than current
your in self published format does not make it better
so and at water = liberal hogwash. i agree
that is not true. google southern strategy
i see. now he is your hero ? please.
them claiming to be does not make it so. they are mostly atheists, actually.
here is milk is opinion “ = = sgt ;
your complete lack of education is revolting
should not have been referred to that way.
the associates the with christianity
it was president is attorney general who bugged and harassed milk.
talked about people “ ?
looks like you found a moron.
is denied the southern strategy ever happened
the came from the democrat party. google it and then get back to me.
completely ignorant of political history.
did not belong to any political party other than hoover ism
the came from the democrat party. the kkk terrorized blacks and republicans.
except you are a victim of democrat spin, . so sad.
the was terrorist wing of the democratic party. see
no shit. she cites facts and gives her opinion. you claimed waco was fact.
my books ends with the clinton administration.
you confuse fact and opinion. but it is expected from the left. opinion trumps all
so basically you are saying milk was retarded ?
that is absurd. very much associate themselves with christian identity.
except the
i could not agree more. buh bye
pointing out basic logical fallacy (false equivalency) . well documented racial probe in the south
southern strategy and provide source for lbj quote other than lesser
did you southern strategy ?
how about him he is an idiot.
chain is also an opinion writer
yikes i have been arguing with a 10yr old.
do not the refer to themselves as “ conservative christians “ or some formula like that ?
did you even read it ? i read the waco opinion blog. it is all opinion.
is strong with that one. i guess it 2 hard 4 her to search congressional record.
what do you think is going to come to your aid ?
why are you denying that the democrat party formed the kkk ???
i truly do not understand it.
i believe the would consider themselves white supremacists rather than christian supremacists.
even attributing such an insult to milk to someone else is vile.
low at the idiot trying to equate islam with the “ chricons, the kkk “
take your bigotry elsewhere. it is repulsive and sickening.
bot my ass. suspended yep. all 7 after ticking off lies with reality.
you do not know where i am from. perhaps you are the bigot.
or that ... sigh i respectfully disagree. they are just fucking stupid. “
says the bot suspended 7 times
i respectfully disagree. they are just fucking stupid.
your history on your blog
using id as an insult
it links to my civil rights history of the gop.
back to basics for the republican party
is wrong w this ppm ???
when all else cry “ democrat spin “ low
i think they know actual history. twisting stuff so they can try to upset.
civil rights history of the gop “ did not end in 1964.
a thousand words in one picture . the police have been absolutely amazing today
1000 words in one picture. the police have been absolutely amazing today ”
sorry for but what happened in sydney ?
i count three words in that picture : beers and burgers.
this world is actually prayers are with the hostages and their family is 😔
that hash tag highlights the best of humanity x
: latest : * armed police have stormed cafe * multiple hostages freed * paramedics entered scene
pedophile networks shut down police investigations which got too close ', retired officers claim
monies who kidnap hostages in sydney
anyone killed so far hope not
wow this news is late.
what the hell is wrong with people ? " taking selfies 100m from the lindt cafe "
not saying i agree with that, but an interesting perspective
a reflection of moral impropriety and decline ... perhaps.
do they have any idea how serious this is ? clearly not !!
they are probably following tony is order to be themselves. yobbos !
tragic narcissism. more interested in their own social media profiles than the crisis still underway.
hope her future face lift goes bad ... and viral !
it is shameful that civilized pole are doing this and here we are blaming the uncivilized
what the hell is wrong with people ? “ taking series 100m from the linda cafe “”
fucked morons !
i cant sleep knowing just 15 minutes away innocent people have been hostages for almost 14 hours please pray for
i am the same no joke, and it is terrifying
will do. stay alright ? xx
i can not look away from the tv this is horrible
australia is reaction to the is magnificent
to the is magnificent
makes me proud to be human. great ppm in all cultures share human values.
these are our people. we are all australian
proud rt is reaction to the is magnificent
my brothers and sisters. australia loves you too ... we have your back my aussie mates
expect anything less from this great country ?
is reaction to the 🙇is magnificent 👏 wins ✌
of should show some love back and say loudly thank you !
praying for . these crazies have no idea what islam is , yet have the hubris to “ act in
they attack white countries because they believe islam should rule the world.
is the reason he is taking people hostage and threatening white australians, you idiot.
1994 how to create an “ islamic enemy “ -
they are acting inside the religion. the koran contains invitations to violence.
why are so violent ?
it is important to consider that you should stop making excuses for radical islam, dickhead.
it also says that should rule over non-muslims. stop making excuses for holy war.
people died today. the fact that you are defending islam after this makes me sick.
latest update on the situation in martin place from
latest update on the situation in martin place from ” so scary !
latest update on the situation in martin place from ”
latest update on the situation in martin place from
scary stuff live on tv3 now “ : latest update on the situation in martin place from ”
why are ppl tap dancing around what is likely happening in sydney ? are we worried we may offend a
i think a pork sandwich can be ruled out
not in they were not. long blacks - it is monday here.
us maybe. not in australia.
flag used in belongs to extremist group jab hat al-nusra. speculating ? right.
i fear this is not going to end well.
they are against obesity and how chocolate causes it, right ?
well. reports no missing. if that helps authorities.
i hope the was fills those terrorists with lead.
still say we need an ump loom pa swat team. small causalities that way,
i would bet money on it.
reliance of the traveler. jihad means 2 war angst non-muslims.
just explaining that jihad is one thing, murder another.
i am clear what is going on. thanks for your concern
but the comments were directed at the very sensible reporting.
that is funny. really and not historically accurate, but funny.
over there with him.
you pick up their colors and do their deeds ; you are one of them.
very there were raids this morning and other things earlier but - we need the facts.
you are right amp ; a lot of them follow.
i certainly hope the terrorist holding this ppm hostage is as empathetic as these bleeding hearts are.
i think it is some dirt of chocolate shop. sugar deprivation ?
or the omnibus bill no one read
black flag saying is god
i like my where shit usually is what you think it is.
for the hostages and the was
looks that way to me at this point but no expert.
i should not laugh.
now maybe the poor deranged jihads is feeling a bit misunderstood ....
the anti water board freaks are pulling for the terrorists.
do not judge not everyone waving a jihad flag while holding people at gunpoint is a terrorist !
a live feed can be found here
now we are talking '.
i share your fear ... and i am angry at the same time.
just ... no matter what they call themselves ...
then every hostage act is a terrorist act, whether islamic or home grown crime.
we have to stop throwing the world terrorist around so freely.
then what do you propose is the right definition ?
it was a bad coffee joke.
.... or is anxious to meet his 72 virgins !
it is not complex at all.
i thought it was from that group “ ira burma nutzbaghs “
terrorist are terrorist there is not doubt about it. they do have feelings if they get caught.
i want the sniper is bullet to fly true !
all problems in the world today can be solved with a sniper rifle
can you see his underwear ?
just a misunderstood person ..... who happens to want to chop your head off ....
bunny ... stop stereotyping. not all terrorists are they same deranged sociopaths
we need to understand and empathize with the terrorists ... duh !! just ask hilary !
yes and that is why ft hood was called ' workplace violence '
a jihad against perhaps ?
do not you know you racist !. “ terrorist lives matter. “. lol
the easiest way to pronounce that is to stick your fingers down your throat
i think any hostage situation requires full knowledge of the facts before anyone does anything.
that is possible. he just needs a sharp point to the head for us to understand him !
unconfirmed fact.
you are on a roll tonight !
a bad joke never killed anyone.
murderers often use religion as an excuse to murder.
so we just wait until he decides to kill someone. gotcha.
jihad religious not killing.
they make backpacks large enough for hostages ?
some right wing us paramilitary groups too.
the flag is from a jihads group - do you know what a jihad is ?
maybe a customer ordered a large coffee & amp ; offended them
someone does terrible things to cause terror is a terrorist
oh it is probably full of gideon bibles, march of dimes info, maybe some baby chipmunks.
and chocolate shop that is what makes it even worse.
right. what do you think is happening ? armed robbery ? smh
. but make sure you pronounce it rights !
jihad is jihad is jihad. what is the purpose of jihad ?
we all sit here worried that they r gonna crucify us. puhleeze !
locking down all us consulate evacuated americans told to be on high alert.
but great timing !
maybe. probably not a. 308 coattail round though.
probably out of abundance of caution over there but feels like more is going on.
being mama low
what part of jihads flag are you trying to protect ? and why ?
but dark chocolate only.
maybe u sold research axle rod & amp ; bill ayers obama pals guilty of terrorist acts
was the terrorist in question waving a flag representing a jihads group ?
well sure if you behead them.
semantics. devotees doing their bloodthirsty god a solid.
well why do not we just send hillary right on over to sydney to sympathize with those hostage takers
will be interesting to see this unfold, aussies do not play around
not everyone who does something fucked up is a terrorist.
my purpose is to eliminate fucking jihad !
calling them terrorists is considered torture now. get with the times bunny. terrorists have feelings too.
what do we have for the winner ? --- sgt ;
what do you think it is ? workplace violence ? lol
true. some of them are in congress.
the sniper better wait for a frontal shot. because it could contain obamacare bill
college books his hands were up !!! oh wait wrong story
what do you think is in his backpack, sparky ?
secondary event to ensure good coverage ? something does not fit right yet.
a jihad against a coffee shop jihad ? damn decaf !
yeah .... he probably just has his child bride stuffed in there.
i sure.
yea because only the tea party are the real terrorists. oh mm gee
let is shoot him and find out.
the i knew it !
you are an awesome intel analyst.
yes. merging with ....
you may have to break out the puppets for this one.
flag used in belongs to extremist group jab hat al-nusra (thanks)
tells us to sympathize with them ......... gee
here is something to research sweetie. & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; sarcasm
it is a generic black sahara flag. terrorist cud favor any jihad group @ this point.
they were offering 2 for 1 on pumpkin spice latte.
i do not recall a t parties beheading anyone or bombing innocents like obama is pals do
that was for. there on my part.
more than 12 hours on , night falls on sydney as hostages remain inside cafe .
more than 12 hours on, night falls on sydney as hostages remain inside cafe.
yup non is thread by person who take a religion too serious
more than 12 hours on, . as hostages remain inside cafe. ”
my heart goes out to friends in sydney going through this. cc/ :
let is hope it ends soon with no casualties
number of hostages taken by the amish today : zero . & lt ; -- this is what a religion
my point exactly. the religion of peace “ everyone does talk about beheads ppm every day.
i am also happy with religions of more-or-less honorable war, like jews and lutherans.
who cares who is talking about amish ?
the scumbag has demanded an isis flag. but it has nothing to do with islam low.
what is that even supposed to mean ?
not promoting just noting that there are actual religions of peace.
' was on the flag ... and religion is got nothing to do with it ?
we do not behead along with hundreds / thousands of other groups i believe.
only problem with ambush they refuse to fight for their country.
do not forget , at this moment , there are thousands of muslims in australia rejoicing
only crap is from you luvvie
and i did not mean aussie !!! ns
what are you judging we do not know facts, other than there are hostages.
it is either sharia or democracy. until this happens, you will have such terrorist attacks.
some of us are ... most of the are not.
simpleton commentators rush to say muslims “ disown “ rather than revere jihads.
spare a thought 4 million jihad victims : chinamideastusaukcan. thai. philippinesindia
is it not a fact that many people are not rejoicing right now ? we know shit all.
what a great time for a “ mosque open day “ or “ wear a hi jab “.
and there are more not. now is not the time for baseless crap.
more to the all over the world !
i say we go to lakemba n blow up their mosques
if you look at places like pakistan, even sharia is no guarantee against terrorist attacks
not enough room for spain, italy, germany, burma, indonesia, etc.
now you will see how strong the prime minister is this could happen here. are we prepared ?
insanity ! comes 2 australia & amp ; liberal lunatics are concerned with political correctness !?
thought this was in not egypt !?!?
is the administration coordinating the aussie talking points ? sound like it.
far as we know beta does not use a flag like that
a noisy are party ????
appear amp ; australia had sum tinge in common : pc, terrorists racism etc
liberal political correctness is a crock of crap and has no place in the world period
via comes 2 & amp ; lib lunatics are concerned with political correctness !? “
just shoot the bastards !
no i think they are being cautious for sake of hostages
head up ass or in sand ... how incredibly dense & amp ; blind are these people ?!
the art of nothing to see here ! so ridiculous
today the threat of terrorism is higher than it was 3 yrs ago , a result of support for terror
divide the to gain more information. abeldanger surmises, only 100 knew full details before.
its a war. instigated by us for political/commercial gain. criminal.
this is as real as isis.
those who knew of the 9/11 plot beforehand, need to speak out or be hanged.
end of topic for me. keep the faith patriot.
oops you accident typed or “ when you meant “ then “.
buff said. nice chatting with you.
what goes around comes around. pakistan has not learned as yet.
there are tens of options to induce cooperation.
protecting the drug trade and 9/11 secrets, cia tortures to instill fear, not to gain information ?
is a whole. it was surprising he talked against the us at is recently.
why is not this guy tried for treason ?
praying for sydney . also thank heavens for streaming foreign networks because american media is completely mia .
and do not forget twitter too !
new stalk 954 is giving good coverage
thank god for technology and social media. would not know about this otherwise ...
was stunned by that. finally just went live
have they moved to baby seals from the viral video report ? heavens.
kind of disgusting how no one is breaking in.
too bad they do not have concealed carry in australia.
how useful is really ?
we are all praying for the people of sydney !
that is not fair. said that there is a police incident. that is all.
can not find anything about it.
as they will not report because they have been making muzzles look like the victims.
thinking about all my mates in sydney . hope everyone is okay .
yes i have family up there, all my thoughts and prayers are with them ❤️
me please i love you
respect to the people of sydney for showing us that solidarity is the best way to deal with extremism
really all i have seen are racist comments both on twitter and facebook
which bit do not you understand ?
people can not see what is right in front of them ... thanks for looking though
cough and * cough *
the woman who inspired the # is from sydney. the woman who started the # is from melbourne
you will be siding with the extremists then, eh ?
in the 12 hours everyone has focused on the hostage situation in sydney 40 more americans died from gunshots .
8 percent of them would have failed because of the success rate of the method.
amp they would be wrong
i somehow doubt the dead people care.
a good fair point. do u have personal knowledge each was a suicide ?
psychology is completely opinion based : “ it goes against the desired or perceived norm ... “ = bs
even in notable gun control countries suicide rates comparable, still exists no magic solution
and obviously guns are only used to murder. and only people killed by guns are really dead.
unlike there are a responses' fa homicide ? prosecution : costly, incarceration : bad optics
good point. what about legality of method ? of everyone who shot themselves hung themselves ...
facts as if you have firsthand knowledge that each of those deaths were suicide ? puleeeeez
yet gun murder a 9/11 death toll every 4 months.
brilliant defense of guns .... ignorance is alive and well
do they i have never investigated. the overall gun injuries must be less, surely.
have to bow it is late here in the southern hemisphere thank you.
320 a 100,000 a year ? i suppose that is possible ...
lethality not legality sorry. not trying to be argumentative i really want your opinion.
so could this one guy. what is your point ?
far more people perish due to poisoning or falls, 2x in me accidents since ' 99. perspective
that is the impression i have from here.
men are more likely to use violent means of suicide, and are more likely to
the psychological association would disagree with that.
gun deaths are nearly always intentional, an “ accident “ by definition is not.
no psychology is empirically based and accounts for cultural and societal norms.
by fixating on gun deaths “, that is exactly what is trying to imply.
larger chance of failing in their suicide attempt. less dead people with less violent means
except shows us your hypothesis is false :
do you really think someone who is trying to kill themselves cares about the legality of the method ?
about homicide.
hopefully the hostages make it out in one piece !
and 168 will have died in traffic accidents.
it is like people want to parade their ignorance of statistics today.
intentional suicide is neither unlawful nor easily preventable - by any means.
exactly. actually shows us suicide substitution is real - more people hang themselves there.
i would rather they fail and get the help they need.
unreal ..... if it were not so real
and why should the government intervene ?
i do not think anyone is saying that.
people make choices you do not agree with. that does not mean they “ need help “.
in our take care.
pointing out a fact is somehow “ ignorance “ ? and war is peace, right ?
is that right more suicide than other gun deaths ?
i did not realism how devastating.
they are doing to try. the question is if they are going to succeed.
if people choose to kill themselves, i would rather they be effective than disfigured/maimed for life.
i think people who want to kill themselves are going to.
succeed because of it. if men used pills or something like most women, they would have a
hats off to you guys , you are awesome , faith in humanity restored
love love to these guys !!!
feels. rt hats off to you guys, you are awesome, faith in humanity restored
i love this great work everyone that is helping others feel save ❤️💋
something wonderful between and non-muslims is coming out of this atrocity.
wow i did not think about that
neither but i am glad to see the humanity.
so heartwarming say it loud, say it clears, racists are not welcome here.
indeed. well done citizens.
say it say it clears, racists are not welcome here. via
i nearly cried reading that. 😢❤❤❤❤
hats off to you guys, you are awesome, faith in humanity restored ” kudos
feeling humanity and love. feeling safe. never thought i would have to say that now.
when the 5 hostages escaped , the gunman could be seen from here getting extremely agitated , shouting at remaining
if 1 sane and 10 = arrogant, self centered fuck wit you = 14 ...
this is irresponsible journalism. the journalist should have some consideration for family and friends of the hostages.
shoot the terrorist first then the police commissioner and his deputy next for incompetence.
you are accusing people of rubbernecking a terrorist attack ?
he need a dead man switch
too right. hopefully all others will be ok
the media drives home the narrative and conditions the viewer. works like a charm.
hes known to police so there will be questions
yeah maybe. all will be revealed.
either way that is the end result for sure
hi could you take a short call from bbc ? thanks
probably because he is lining the windows with civilians - any shooting would injure them as well !
that is very thoughtful of you, thanks.
breaking : sydney hostage-taker believed to be self-styled muslim cleric facing string of violent charges .
breaking hostage-taker believed to be self-styled muslim cleric facing string of violent charges. ”
breaking hostage-taker believed to be self-styled muslim cleric facing string of violent charges. ”
this is too bad.
he is creepy beyond reason. why he was walking around monitored in the first place ... ugh
most likely to be a pakistani
breaking hostage-taker believed to be self-styled muslim cleric facing string of violent charges. ”
ah well they opened fire and used stun grenades getting hostages out now
we are calling on all to & amp ; that australia will not be hostage to fear & amp ;
meanwhile tony is salivating. bring on the race riots ...
its prayer and religious got us to this point
what we need is more religion.
as an i will not, but you are welcome to
we are calling on all to & amp ; that e. ”
is likely being carried out by a ' lone wolf ' with minimal links to organized terror groups , expert
been too many lone wolves “ lately.
two soldiers were murdered in canada in november by lone wolf jihadists. it is not either/or.
so the narrative begins what say you ?
did he write the book “ hostage terrorist, terrorist hostage “ ?
he wants publicity that is it ... just shoot the sob
dirty not innocent civilians w/ causing radar. west coast too ! ban !!!
lone wolf why not call out as it is ? islamic terrorist !!!
does it help amp ; make one feel better ? it is a terror attack nonetheless
witness said he was threatened by 2 jihads - is mm again afraid to name
then further minimalist the risk by taking him out !!
sydney siege ends as police storm lindt cafe and hostages run out
and what are you lot worried about the muslims
australians use hashtag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege
i wish oz people had shown solidarity with jewish population too last summer but that is another story
they did i did ! that is my local school ... i am jewish. happy hanukkah.
thats true patriots ' rt “ : australians use hash tag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege
what about the damn hostages ?
you are one classy people.
thats true patriots australians use hash tag in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege “
what what about the people being held at gun point in the freaking coffee shop ?
i thought its hostages who need solidarity
a lot of cowardly ppm about
it is very important respect for others, unfortunately the results were sad, salvador,
yes we are c among over !
use in solidarity with muslims during sydney siege ” so proud to be aussie today !
hey speak for buddy !
australia is reaction to the is magnificent
link to offer and request help
i just see this as what it is : a sign of weakness.
praying for the people of sydney all we need is peace in this world . sheesh .
will never be at peace
living only away from this situation, is scaring the hell out of me. pray for us
seems like ... i think they want peace ?
and the right to carry handguns
takes 2 sides for peace. the side that preaches peace gets beheaded. isis must be destroyed
all we need is love !
it is bad hearing this happens more so when you live where it is happening
sydney attack latest : - 16th hour - 5 people escaped gunman demands : - speak to pm - isis
there is 2 gunmen if one gets taken out the other will take out the rest of the hostages
i am sorry early reports said 1 but i was not updated
early reports said 2 i meant
one shooter in only place i was talking about.
have had multiple opportunities to kill the bastard with a sniper. wtf wrong with them ?
the perpetrators target all citizens , irrespective of their faith . so please cut it out with the anti-muslim bigotry
criticizing constitutes bigotry ?
perpetrator definitely not a ship. ponder that now.
is behind this terrorist attack is that anti-muslim bigotry or truth in reporting ?
and i am not entertaining them either
yes unfortunately such bigotry does not really rely on rational thinking.
that is true. extremists kill their fellow muslims a lot.
and where do these terrorists get the idea that they can commit terror in the name of religion ?
who gives a kill these as the enemy they are !
bigots now have an excuse to express and voice how they really feel as a result of this.
why not wait until facts are known ?
but religion yes that relies on rational thinking, cut mo flew on a magic horse ...
the backlash and - on social media and on the ground - will only increase.
if there is anyone i am blaming here, it is the terrorists. no one else.
loses its sting when you have been called and infidel.
female hostage appears to turn off the lights at the lindt cafe tonight .
totally agree as you can see from my last tweet
you know not to tweet pictures like this.
do not report this. think of poor woman is family. delete please
glad it is not just me ...
do not know that it is a good idea to be tweeting all this in real time guys ....
i just reported it to be blocked for posting a sensitive image i suggest u do the same
why are you posting this against requests ???
can you please adhere to police requests not to publicist these images.
you are deleted now
you should not be showing faces !
so king shameful to post this. absolute c*it's at sydney morning herald.
totally agree. wonder if it can be reported to twitter or police ?
god bless keep her and colleagues strong and safe. praying for them all.
australian prime minister tony abbott addressing incident in sydney . watch live on cnngo .
piece of shit should all die
prime minister tony abbott addressing incident in sydney. watch lives on congo. “ ¿ ?
why would this not be covered on cnn tv ?
ho is you know very well, look under your shirt.
wow you figured out its important now good for you
hey you watching
i doubt these terrorists are of pakistani origin
where is your swat team made up of aboriginals with boomerangs ?
ha lets find first. do not blame pakistan.
prime minister tony abbott addressing incident in sydney. watch lives on congo.
great political commentary and a killer fashion sense to boot ! love the fedora !
prime minister tony abbott addressing incident in sydney. watch lives on congo. ”
yes your right i hate all arabs ! they are horrible and disgusting people
hostages taken by is not an “ incident “. it is terrorists that need strung up.
rt prime minister tony abbott addressing incident in sydney. watch lives on congo. ”
the fact that " any religious loner could do this " is exactly what isil aims to inspire , it
where did i say all muslims are murderers ?
problem i have just been invited to join the conservative party ...
feel free to berate the noble sentiment of nationalism - it has killed way more people.
just like ordered his followers to murder people.
you may as well bring up the harmfulness of cocaine to defend pcp.
any angry could do this - religion is just an excuse for them
... attacks would be a terrifying scenario for the world to deal with because it is largely unstoppable.
so why are you still breathing if as you said all muslims 1 billions 700000 millions are murderers idiot
which therefore should indicate that there is something fundamentally wrong within the ideology .... no ?
ever the penny pinching sensationalist !
i where did i say all muslims are murderers ?
sydney muslims say thanks ! via
but we can not have an opinion on this remember ! we need to be politically correct ! .....
and you too go live with the lovely friendly muslim people in syria
block him not worth it
she loves terrorists she should be in jail !
if you know you would know that idiot aussies told rhodesian to give their country to the natives
in this hour of when two innocent had died, only a sick mind will regale.
do also say “ thanks “ for the deaths of hostages ?
is this the same race responsible for the 80 children dead in pakistan this morning ????
agree ... what a dumb hack
support for those in religious garb : muslims say thanks !
no civilized people care if muzzles are targeted or harassed
your mistake was saying terrorist with a gun - he was a muslim terrorist with a gun
yep. have done more coming. more blocks. awful people about.
but as long as they all get home safe on public transport then everything is ok ?
please go live with your lovely peaceful muslims friends in syria
2 die in but muslims victims ? like to offer condolences to families of those that died.
talk is where are the protests disowning the gunman ? would have thousands if the other way
where is the outrage from “ moderate “ muslims ? when is the first mass rally against planned ?
did you protest against break or do you support him ?
talk about having priorities in check
mt in the process of creating a web app to help make easier for people.
listen geyser. how about you just fuck the hell off and clean your tommie green teeth.
do you know rhodesia ? hmm ?
amazing the amount of trolls this has brought out
it really is religion of peace read the duran
maybe because you are not listening ?
do not make silly comments like that ! islam is a religion of peace
usually come out in their thousands when something effects them
and a coward to block and look who is a racist now
. you are a disgrace. fuck off !
they have nothing else to do.
yet another intelligent lefty liberal with intelligent words and retorts - wow !
nope ..... all nice normal types
so you say thanks but i do not hear anyone saying anything against the hostage taker
well the two innocent victims are at peace now i guess.
always about the have some respect you heartless cow !!!
you mean this same in france, england, the us.
if they lost family to the peaceful religion of islam maybe they would be not so ignorant ?
yeah no problem with islam is there.
muslim- a follower of the religion of islam . terrorist- a person who engages in inhumane and violent acts .
you did not answer have you read the duran
terrorist. never forget the web
does not mean there is sh wrong with islam
you know what i want the original citation in arabic that says that
what does narcissism have to do with it ?
did you or did you not read the duran ?
block i am a muslim & amp ; he is a liar !
and you deserve to die you ugly piece of trash
you are not even you do not know what is written in duran so shut the fuck up
you off terrorist and pedophile desert cult follower. you all deserve to be locked up in guantanamo bay
sometimes i wonder whether a brain is even left or just a program denying endlessly
i know really cause i am muslim too 💞
you are still showing me what isis did, not what the duran says
why and can grow in any ideology ? read here :
the is principles are against this all
this is not the have you read the duran
you are the one denying and not giving me scientific rational arguments
seems the mirror of truth is really puncturing your narcissism gone awry
i have to congratulate you on your capacity to deny and keep denying
you are still not giving me the exact references
mind yr language evidently you do not know how to read the duran
well they are killing children now
i meant how the terrorist wrongly accuse the duran and blame it for why they are terrorist.
i am a and that does not make me a terrorist.
on which your tweet is based ?
they use the duran as an excuse to terrorism. ” yes
you know people beg to differ to all the things you dude are saying just fuck off
please mind own bigness
says it is kofr to even tell a person they are air
the media fed you about islam
i am an you dumb fuck have you read tue duran ?
they use the as an excuse to terrorism.
yeah i am so done with them 💔
its 1st hand application - islamist stole everything from us - then bomb attacks 26/11 etc
wrong the said that nobody specially a muslim can kill this is harm ! islam is peace
australian pm tony abbott says it is unclear if is politically motivated
well there is a huge isis flag so pretty sure it is terrorism and politically motivated.
unclear politically motive “ was homer simpson made aussie pm ?
then brace yourself for the cries of.
it is time we banned this backwards religion.
technically that flag appears to suggest it is religious, not political.
they will not ever have any success with me, on that issue.
did not he sees the flag ????????????!!!
. probably because he is an idiot.
with these it is like a mix ...
yes that flag was very unclear ...
he basically confirmed that after 3 hours, he has no idea on what is going on
when will people admit there is a muslim problem
did u identify the religion of the flag at the sport com some of media outlets informed that ?
with this it is a mix indeed. there. i said it.
why should today be any different
there are indications it could be. “
you just kill all terrorist people who have been attracted there.
and that is why it happened, mr. abbott ! wise up for crying ' out loud !
. sydney , you are amazing
this just shows how our country can stand together throughout anything. i am proud to be australian tonight
you are amazing ”
reflection of what the people are really about. such an awesome communal initiative 👍
this is honestly amazing. even through the ups and downs we still stick together.
can we add daily telegraph to suspected terror cells within aus ? their 2pm edition did more damage than any
that is why it is referred to as the terror graph ...
add most of the mainstream media too.
very well and a solid point ....
: hashtag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege
no human only fights4 muslim rights !
hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege
no human belief in islam there is only muslim belief !
maybe could start escorting australians around sydney so they will not get taken hostage
dear u make it sound as if sydney muslims r the victims here.
regardless of respect for humanity is paramount
infidels r fools getting trapped in taqiyya
the article was about the garb. besides, the rest is true. i know first hand.
nothing more moral than terrorist apologists - but the guardian are right into that, eh ?
hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege ”
hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege ” this. 😊
watch the video first camp ; the argue on taqiyya !
it is really shameful. let the sage end before u think of “ innocent “ muslims
rt hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege ”
anyway can not help it. this is who we expect from and their ilk in india as well
lovely gesture hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege
us police needs to learn from aussie police in dealing with crisis . patience and negotiations , not shoot first
u need to stop believing media reports embellishing certain cases here-n-there.
also rayon martin. no gun.
what is your pt did that give rayon the ok to attack
like i have said self defense is fine. preemptive shooting the likes of and is not
you think us police have never dealt w/hostage situations ?
i have been getting a lot of beef for posting that tweet -__-
so you are saying cops should not defend themselves ? why ? us should let thugs rule ?
well try harder ... do not be another sheep.
not saying but look at ferguson/tamer rice
yes they do. us police look terrible to other nations.
if demonstrating yes. preemptively ? that is my issue.
man haron monis , named as the gunman , may have a " fetish for self-publicity " .
the sooner we deport this man the better ... up on a string of other charges as well
as long as it’s not a fetish for self-immolation.
i was worried. i thought he might be a terrorist.
does this suicide bomb make my ass look big ? “
. has he never heard of twitter ?!
looks like a to me. keep them in the middle east protect the citizens !!!
may have a fetish for self-publicity ? you think so ? what gives you that impression ?
if he lives i hope he has a fetish for eating his lunch via his are
makes a change from latex i guess
because one nut job represents an entire set of people. no. you are a definite idiot.
when these devils will stop terrorizing innocent people ?!
now we are getting somewhere.
and then came - people offering to accompany those who fear for their safety on public transport
a story in that beautiful hash tag, i am informed started it. highly commended
. campaigning essentially in favor of the real violence in the by fighting imaginary violence
brilliant mt then came - ppm offering to accompany those who fear for safety on public transport
bus drivers are using it. do not be such a cynic
i also guarantee of the social justice nitwits who tweeted will not go anywhere near a muslim today
aussies tweet to muslims who might be scared to travel alone
they presses of sheet !
thoughtful tweet 2 muslims who may be scared to travel alone ”
sweet. thank you for sharing.
. this seemingly friendly offer must be even more scary to them.
in the midst of the outpouring of love is amazing
this one is really terrorists want protection to travel. 😂
if those hostages could wait for 16 hours without knowing if they would die , you can wait for an
as opposed to jumping to conclusions and believing rumors. so disrespectful.
remember not all media has ! just certain channels and publications.
what is even worse is the people taking series at the site !
yeah the media is hungry for click bait/sensationalist material in order to sell advertising, nothing new
shame the massive boost society has got from is just eroded from acts like this.
what i feel ill. that is actually putrid.
yeah i agree and even that newspaper too ! i think it was daily telegraph.
quite sad surely human decency comes above boosting one is social media profile ?
thank you it is really getting ridiculous now.
again well said ... utter heart breaking
yeah i know character limit prevented me from detailing who in the media is culpable.
australia is home to some of the greatest people i know . my heart goes out to everyone affected by
thanks it is pretty intense here ! hopefully all the people are ok.
not surprising. it is a pretty big cafe
i do not think so. do not take my word on that though.
people are being held hostage in a cafe. they have been there for irish hours
people are being held hostage in a cafe. they have been there for irish hours
they are saying about 50 people.
police say much lower thank god
oh wow that is terrible sorry for those people there
people are being held hostage in a cafe. they have been there for irish hours
oh hope this all sorts out soon and no one gets hurt anymore
thanks for filling me in first time hearing of this
and they have had 3 people get out
hopefully it will all be over soon, i hope all the people are ok !
that is really good to hear !
what the heck is going on ?
there is now two dead not including the gunman
you know how many people ?
a couple of people have come out.
cheers mate. come back soon
damn. thanks for letting me know !
do you know if anyone is hurt
i would assume the goal is to not get anyone killed before any time, not just christmas.
there are 50 people according to the news.
answer of to terrorism , imam , rabbi and priest come together to pray for the hostages .
a a rabbi and a muslim cleric walk into a bar ... “
rabbi and priest come together to pray for the hostages. ”
the one in the middle looks like the gunman, just saying
good to see. all good forces must unite. “ let´s stick together “
subscribe to our twitter list for more updates :
the wretched death cult is already in australia ! surprised ?!
kill those terrorist hang them to death
subscribe ratings must be going through the roof
these hostage takers should be put to justice.
is secular and will stay secular uk
. terrorist asked you speak my language ? “ cop smiled and gave him a vegemite sandwich
complete lack of respect for that poor girl. fucks sake bbc, sort your shit out
subscribe to our twitter list for more updates : ”
great to see those shitbags at the have completely misread to mood of sydney and the nation . completely out
meanwhile telegraph says “ ray harley, a radio disc jockey ... “
yes thought has crossed my mind. now not the time but it has to happen.
did they not sell papers ? do they care what we think ?
should be ashamed of their ' quick print ' 2pm money grab !
is slowly but surely losing his ability to manufacture consent.
but they followed their leader is thoughts and wishes.
one of the more even handed descriptions i have seen. ishitbags '. perfick.
surely there is a hash tag we can start and get a boycott happening ?
shut it shameful tasteless non-journalism
religious symbols are being hijacked once again by those who wish to further their own political agendas .
yes i agree shame she does not see the big picture, innocent people suffering.
what ever is mapping in this world because of so called peace full religion islam.
nice how you can manipulate it.
amp their political agenda, you dickhead
exactly. she always thinks it is about her.
a man hears what he wants to hear and disregards the rest
and being a heretic is just fine, we like heretics
a little hypocritical coming from you
religious symbols being hijacked ... give it a break ... not all about you !!
you have info no else does ? what political agenda ?
she could not give a shit about the victims, just protecting her putrid religion
though be we do not yet know the motive of the hostage taker.
just in : guman in identified as man haron monis , a radical muslim cleric
with a criminal record. how interesting that so many “ terrorists “ turn out to be criminals.
most inconsequential but here goes : it should be “ gunman “ !!
thanks for pointing out the typo
surly a sniper could have taken him out if you have a clear shot ?
police have confirmed the is now over after more than 16 hours .
thank god. hope one man is dead tho
this is raw every moment captured
rt police have confirmed the is now over after more than 16 hours. ”
well done i hope u got the evil twat
congratulations to those who made the operation successful.
poor people. the sheer fear in their faces. hopefully no one is seriously hurt.
the bleeding hearts in will say they deserved this
police have confirmed the is now over after more than 16 hours. ”
keen to know why it had to end so messy
police have confirmed the is now over after more than 16 hours. ” 🙏❤️
good do not need ppm getting hurt this close to christmas
oh my. i hope they are all fine.
its confirmed terrorists are pious muslims ... that should make happy ... " all muslims are not like that "
they will know what is terrorism is religion when the terrorists stuff a grenade up their backside.
similar secular are already blaming australian foreign policy
. why not police adopt gandhi is aims, sit on diana their till islamic terrorists surrender ...?
is behind otherwise islam is the religion of peace.
should end sentence with ' okay ? '
how dare you has no religion.!!?
hostage is he may be because of bar demolition, 2002 gun riots or ross evil work
they just wanted some you
also terror has no religion.
this is soft terrorism since there are not many gunmen at this point - just one.
and terrorism has no religion “ stuff too ...
the hostage takers at are merely peaceful agitators from the only religion of piss.
praying for this insanity to stop .
much love to you and yours. it is a horrible act to undertake.
praying will not be subject to comments & amp ; actions of rednecks.
take care m lunatics will want to attack muslims
we are with you maria. all the good people are with you
do not just pray. speak out against islamism !
right on. i am in canada, so far everything is fine. how it stays that way
i am feeling pretty sick about this it is very sad.
its nice to hear a muslim say this. more need to speak out against extremest.
actually many do speak out against it, i for one.
i think it is praying that gets your people into this mess.
where are all the boys now ? still on their way in to town to help out ?!?!
breaking : sydney hostage situation is over , say
breaking hostage situation is over, say ”
hostage situation is more of a reason why should not receive bail.
breaking hostage situation is over, say ”
rt breaking hostage situation is over, say
breaking hostage situation is over, say ” yikes !
who created cartoon character man aaron monks “ behind “ sydney siege “ circus ?
sydney attack - hostages at sydney cafe - 13 hostages - 2 gunmen - hostages seen holding arabic flag stay
they are president recap brogan is soldiers. pls shoot them.
i see a 13 against 2 opportunity ... collateral damage will save the majority.
you said tottaly different things.
they are from turkey and they want speak ottoman language in turkey.
hostages at sydney cafe- 13 hostages- 2 gunmen- hostages seen holding arabic flag damn !
their leader adman coca and he uses the cats to blow up bombs please careful sons of jesus
impossible they banned all the guns.
the silence you hear is 1,500,000,000 muslims not renouncing this terror attack .
the true way of *
why would we want to read arabic when we are not in an arabic speaking country ?
so many friends of mine visited america and only had the best to say
also what about the terrorist plots made by non muslims/countries ? why not get into that ?
my card to & amp ; it is sympathizers !.
huh. we could say generally they were all liberals too.
yeah bring some random pages and give it to me
please keep going this is great.
i do not give a damn who u are then kick americans from ur land
is responsible for the world cup 2022 ? and its in qatar u dip shit not kuwait
so people are born in usa christians no one came to usa and build churches
who said anything about ? assume much ? anyways, stereotyping ?
i think you should seek professional help. what an inhumane thing to say ✌
why do you hate so much democrat bigot ?
there is no violence in bible ?
by people that claim christianity is not same as those that do it in the name of
but u push people to disrespect u
sure. difference being do not kill you now for not converting/apostasy
stole land centuries before. you first
this i am really thankful for ... not being a goat !. 👍😂
at least we do not stone rape victims to death, you fucking savages.
the bible says that the victim should marry their rapist.
mass shootings those “ mass shootings “ are not done in the name of religion.
so do not generalize since you do not know much about 1 500000000000
not really into bdrm. go fuck with someone else ha
he is some opinionated foreigner still hugging comma & amp ; pulling her skirt
japan and china have it figured out. the rest of the world better wake up.
how do you look up nonexistent instances ?
thats why u come and destroy our countries in order to take petrol
they would not be alive if this was happening in israel
maybe look up the school shooters religion ? you will realism most believe in god and the bible.
your tweet takes center stage on
. think you need to concentrate on something more your speed, junior achievement. finish 4th grade
who is responsible for destroying palestine afghanistan iraq pakistan syria somalia
the endless list of terrorist attacks is the only thing throwing fuel on the fire.
anything else you pussy asked mother fucker ? step up
u retarded it is not stolen u go but from our land inafghanestand and iraq
or in i rem brr a few hostage situations, usually involved cops going in.
made me have respect for their high spirit, even all they have been through
savages who think it is okay to fuck animals, stone women, behead “ infidels “
and i am not arab u retarded
i think its fear of trying to fit in and not being accepted regardless.
like all the you trap there by stealing their passports, for instance. plus slavery
prove it. name which mass shooters were christians.
in war world 2 for more than 60 million christian died
you turned him. he wants you now !!!
right. and i speak 6. let is nitpick, moron
in off to bed.
you can lay blame on the austrian-hungarians, too
like i fucking care about what he fucks - female/male goats, it really does not matter
he can not cite a single example. for once i wish they came prepared.
the is for the dumb ass is who can not read !. alluh ' goatfkrs !... 👍😂
i sent these pages as screen shot directly from the koran nothing available
all those who follow are responsible for and all other attacks around the world
retarded i talk 3 languages more educated than u
maybe you missed the but i am cherokee, dipstick
hoping for the best possible outcome. 🙏
yes i am hearing the normal platitudes
what are all the peaceful imams doing about terrorism other than blaming us for causing it ? cc
and we accepted and we converted to islam and we want islam
apparently religion is the blame of all bad things muslims do but never for christians.
hang on i am putting his leash on since he is my submissive bitch low
hey ... give it a rest. you will need your creativity for another day.
come to gulf kuwait and see number of u retarded working here and we give them salary
i think you need to be taught human decency, girl.
its our business it is not use go dance around the fire
and your the one sucking islamic dick, i do not low
i never said they were motivated by christianity, i said christians were the shooters.
do not you have some babies to kill ?
and do put nose in our business and leave us alone
without the and our petrol maybe now u would go back to use horses
you forget raping babies and necrophilia
does not surprise me. foreigners hate america as much as lies as democrats do
your arguments are so very related to the discussion. you would make a great politician.
killed each other in orthodox and protestant war in europe
sorry for taking soon i have a lot of you assholes to reply to.
no we are happy and our grandfathers statement available and we are proud
and the religion behind it ? christianity.
are sorry.
in and war in 1994christians killed more than 500 000 muslim and rape more
that has the definite appearance of angel choudary
and apologize gt ; & lt ; --
you were the one calling for an apology. seems to me like you wanted one.
i think you need to be taught some obedience boy
might have to go back to the crusades for this.
of condemning this act they are defending islam as usual.
nearly of the world is muslim. most have had nothing to do with terrorism.
i never said that. unlike islam. christianity reformed itself.
if you actually looked them up, you would realism that you are wrong.
i realism that. there are a number of conflicts all over the world invariably including muslims currently
another one on the way pretty soon. now he is a.
killed 500 000 in bosnia war 1994 christians killed each other
hang on let him choke down that bowl of dick so he can respond
we treat foreigners in our countries with respect u can ask anyone who work here
but these are the best ones to rake over the coals low
go check the number of christians we allow them to work in our land
wish i could re tweet this twice.
because never molest anyone. stereotype much ?
new to twitter. forgive me if i offended ✌
in converting to and by the way once muslims came we gave our land without
just because you are not hearing from them personally does not mean they approve of this, asshole.
he is obedient is not he ???
. ridiculous. you are aware “ white american “ does not automatically = “ christian “ yes ?
that is not really true. columbine shooters did not. can you give an example ?
read history and the champagnes of christianity in converting people
because so many are flying planes into buildings and blowing themselves up in public.
no they are not. they are cockroaches !
liberal i am an us military veteran. fuck you asshole.
the number of gang shooting india more than baghdad havana
they are too busy worrying about the backlash that never seems to happen.
people woke up and said oh lets be christians
not all are from me by the way
but when do it is acceptable, right ?
it was pay oh die you moron.
have you ever traveled to this part of the world ?
dumb blind ignorant fucking bitch, might as well be an isis cheerleader
you dumb animal.
. thanks for not answering the question and perfectly illustrating your false equivalency.
page 191 liars there is nothing about rapping
you claimed were guilty of most shootings, while none of them were by christians
you are just a fucking asshole. fuck off. i am sick of your bullshit.
bombing kids in afghanistan iraq somalia
i hope we reach that too. thankyou ✌
give back the land of us for indians and australia to the original australians
are being killed and hated by isis and other jihad militias more than any other group
he obviously not ship. sunnis always have black flags, ship green.
fuck goats. thats all
that many we are fucked ...
it was all flags contains the cross and they build churches on muslims land
i am not actually i am just not some dickhead that thinks bigotry is okay.
you must be a republican. it explains a lot, really.
send screen shot i do not open any links
hardly. the demo and re pubs are extremely different. dems think business kills jobs low
take care of business and leave us alone we are happy
go check the statistics in usa and the number of rape and shooting and crimes
you do not need its very obvious u do not need heheheheehheheehehehe
i dare you to bring me the evidence that islam say kill the victim i darlene you
wow. you are stupid.
screen shot what you have seen. enlighten us.
i have read more books than you have probably seen in your sad, pathetic life.
that is because are all savages
even available the page starts with sect 27
you liar lets check other
the democrats just want another civil war. democrats are racist bigoted ppm who hate america
you mean the land stole.
i have more dignity than you can dram of/
there are approx 3 million muslims in the uk trying to turn the uk into a mini middle east
no. i happen to like them. you get off your stolen land and leave me alone
we do not need your petrol, go ride a camel.
do not know that it does. commenting on the confusing war aims of our current administration.
i agree. well done for your dad. you must be proud ☺
probably too busy sexually molesting british children to give a shit ...
go and see the flags and the purpose of war in serbia
give to and go back to europe
who made the world war 1 and 2 for more than 60 million death for a stupid war
never actually claimed that were behind acts that were actually committed by people of islamic faith.
seems he ran away jay low
i would not go to one of your fucked up countries for all the oil in your hair.
he should go to and declare his gayness
because catholics are not baptist dumb ass
and a lot more being persecuted for things they are not a part of.
man u are sick there was no world cup in islam hahahahah
it is crazy how many acts of terrorism around the world can be inspired by 1 book.
like there is a difference. and i said they are responsible for the deaths, you fucktard.
sorry get post and how it would relate to me ?
and pubs are the same party
and if you do not just pay july or die, right ?
what about all the workers you have killed building for the world cup ?
he was the grand mufti though so he speaks on behalf of all of them doubtless
make him bark or something. this is funny.
they are also called extremists. the majority of muslims disagree with their actions and beliefs.
where killed kids mention
. please show a school shooting that was motivated by christian teaching. i will wait.
that unfortunately this minority group uses islam as a head to justify their actions. islam is against ...
he is probably shitty at that, too.
i know. it is a good site.
i do not apologize to people that are being bigoted cunts.
he needed to put more air in his inflatable boyfriend.
random. thats all you deserve to off me. i will not even acknowledge your words. ✌
look up terrorism there has actually been a lot.
however will i cope with all this islamic-dick-in-mouth talk. so offended 😂
go back to fucking your goat and beating your wife, you are much better at that.
what if you are going to remain on land you stole please learn english
such a good i like my bitches obedient like this one -- sgt ;
this site tracks all the peaceful things muslims do ....
says the one trying to justify muzzle killings by accusing christians
one guy out of 1. 5 billion.
this is getting fucking ridiculous ur buddy is shit head
these idiotic always cry for america is help when they need it but slam america otherwise
and is responsible for that loooooooooooooooooooooool
this is big lie we stone the one who rapped not the victim u retarded
in in dip shit.
and take a salary and live with dignity you sick
they still worship a man who molested a 6 year old.
there is more killing and hatred in bible than what u are claiming in koran
u want to talk about the bibleesee
north east does not get reported because it is far off from main cities , editors argue . guess sydney
its not far off when top political leaders address gatherings !
mm have slave mentality & amp ; feel more white than white.
where the honey there the bees will be
there was amp ; dhaka na in sydney, no such in ne
cnn has not been able to rule out the sydney tea party in the australian hostage crisis .
i can confirm has ruled out michael brown as the undocumented hostage taker.
possibly clinging to god & amp ; guns that did it.
not either i am 90% sure.
ads to list of things i am going to hell for laughing ...
oh god. i hope this is not real
how can they rule out anything if they have not been covering it ?
i heard some southern state fraternity was involved, but that is just pure speculation.
not funny. lives are at stake.
you just cost me a mouthful of beer ... well played !!
am patiently waiting for the to blame bush for this.
hear that there is hope yet !
they are probably hoping against hope ...
breaking news : australian authorities confirm that the is over and all hostages have been freed ...
two dead amp several injured i am afraid estelle
dis they arrest the gunman ?
breaking news authorities confirm that the is over and all hostages have been freed ... ”
glad to hear thanks god🙌💪👼
given to at least 2 people so i do not think they all made it out
bbc is frank gardner on : " this is not a sophisticated siege ... the gunman has got the wrong
so far above we can only guess.
no of course not just annoys me people automatically tag the event as directly related to and
maybe that is the point of the operation.
up to no good if you ask me !
i am thinking the west has pushed this one too far to enable establishment in near future
does not make it any lighter of a matter to be dealt with
has always been involved in all conflicts in and - oz public now realizing the cost
presence and education could only wish for any of them
maybe they had just sold out of them in the deadest shop
very good question. no end game plan ? or something more sinister ?
not but they are religious lunatics
there is a plan far above our pay grades
surely the gun is the important bit ?
it was a calculated gamble without any plan b
every cloud has a surveillance) silver lining
as if it matters sophisticated or not, people are still held hostage
indeed certainly poses the question ; what was the end game when and invaded ?
does not make it necessarily less significant cos it is cheap ...
solution.
lots of love and prayers for sydney , i hope everyone is okay😳 one direction
lots of love and prayers for sydney, i hope everyone is okay one direction ”
lots of love and prayers for sydney, i hope everyone is okay one direction ”
media release : mosques , synagogues and churches open tonight to pray for sydney hostages and national unity .
... synagogues and churches open tonight to pray (in unity) ”
that is the kind of irrational garbage that causes situations like this in the first place.
while you hope and pray the minority of your fuck wits kill us all !
always trying to mix nationalism with faith, bring the sheep back into the pacifist mushrik slave fold,
can u pray for the muslims blown apart by australian bombs in iraq please ?
unsafe no chance i will go
is doing anti terrorism raids, which i was suspicious is a euphemism for raids without permit,
thanks we are all united.
- entering 11th hour - at least 15 hostages - 5 hostages escaped - motivation & amp ; demands unknown
correction no one knows if they escaped or were released.
motivation amp demands known : not being made known. correct call
you say not all muslims are monsters . imagine a bowl of m & amp ; ms. 10% are poisoned
does not apply to ship. not close.
true ... most of the rest are progressives/ socialists/ communists. good point ...
so like what hat did you pull that 10% figure from ?
damn sure do not wanna give that moron any sort of win.
and you are utterly refuted. .... shiites and their black flags.
a large portion of are terrorist supporting scumbags any way you slice it.
we will use the maximum. 20%.
was not surveyed. get the hell over it, weirdo.
why no scores for us uk russia china etc ? would they be similar ?
you are only of terrorists are muslims. my bad.
of support i rounded down.
you actually don not know what the flag is, and it has to. period.
you eat ew.
terribly flawed data presented in illiterate manner that distorts it even more is shitty data.
you may want to delete and rewrite your tweet
almost all terrorism is muslim.
the point you have evaded is that it is mainstream opinion among global islam to support terrorism.
why was excluded from the poll ? how large is their population ?
why is excluded also statistically stupid to take the median when these nations have different populations.
i have taken 2 semesters of stats and 5 econometric courses. but again, irrelevant.
the flag is the flag of khoisan and applies to all sects. period.
you can not take the median here and less than 1% of iranians support al ada.
fuck terrorists are not just muslims
how about you it was presented in the most flattering of terms for you possible, jihad whore
friendly reminder .
how many want sharia law ?
i think it was 70 or 80 in one poll i saw.
those sympathetic to isis and book harm 1+ billion
so the majority of want the same thing as the terrorists.
friendly reminder.
its the case of a few rotten tomatoes
i was under the impression terrorist groups do not follow any religion
because narcissism does not take a break these people are taking selfies on scene of the
these are the worst people in the world.
rt ' cos narcissism does not take a break people taking series on scene of
a female hostage stands by the front entrance of the cafe as she turns the lights off in sydney .
the police have asked the media not to show this photo or the photos of hostages
what has day got to say for this ?
disgusting that you would go against the police wishes and show this image online
dear god. help and keep them safe. xoxo from malaysia
nsw police : " police urge the media to be responsible in their reporting . speculation can cause unnecessary alarm
urging mm to be responsible is a bit unclear - and possibly counter culturally - aim of media wise
what bummer for mm biggest picnic ever and it is invite only !
maybe the media outlets should take heed as well.
if only someone could tell this to the media
this is terrible hoping for a good outcome
and yet channel 10 broadcast the wouldemands ' - very responsible !!
media reports are bias !
we also ask that cats stop chasing mice and that gravity reverse its direction. please.
if in imagine that a member of your family is being held hostage and report appropriately.
police have specifically requested media outlets not report the contents of the conversations with hostages .
police have specifically asked media outlets not report the contents of the conversations with hostages.
are they allowed to reveal information once this is all over ?
some news agencies were releasing information from what i have been told
we already know this is what its all about :
they had to be asked ?!?
already revealed what they have said to them, they clearly do not care
police have specifically requested media outlets not report the contents of the conversations with hostages. ”
good luck with that media feeding frenzy.
told him to keep them at home tho. still smiling over that one !
yes will be challenge. integrity of journalists vs clicks n ad dollars
dear ozzie media ( and cnn ) , what the f *** is ' islamic writing ' ? that is
comic sans is if anything.
all videos, etc in the 100+ churches here use this.
goodness yes. a common offender.
the message was not the actual font or text.
well of course. everyone knows comic sans is scientologist writing !
i thought comic sans was the font of the beast
that should read australian english christian church ”. gagh. sorry.
writing. that made me laugh.
that is actually a good point. remember the highs' boston presentation !?
probably still is. the gates of hell were created in mine craft probably.
given how often i see it in church fliers, perhaps they should.
i am so happy to see sydney-siders saying to muslim people who fear abuse on public transport following
think why had things come to it that people are actually afraid of propaganda, people actually afraid
it is great to have the, but also sad at the same time that it is necessary.
think why had things come to it that people are actually afraid of propaganda, people actually afraid.
and i certainly do not mean you kill the muslim guy whenever you meet
think why had things come to it that people are actually afraid of propaganda, people actually afraid
is the best thing to come out of all the shit that happened in sydney today . proud to see
why are not you the prime minister yet ?
nsw police : " police urge the media to be responsible in their reporting . speculation can cause unnecessary alarm
and stop broadcasting police movements live !
the should also be giving truthful accounts. not always the case
you gotta admire the ability of daily tele editors to resist fads like fact-checking
looks at their opinion piece writers always lacking in facts. why would the editors be any different
i am not here for your entertainment. blocked.
it was the fundamental and kernel statement of islamic adherence. did you read the text ?
thou shalt have no other gods before me. “
it is part of their journo course : scaremongering 101.
it is so unprofessional. the poor hostages and their families. it is awful.
oh ... one year i did not read any point of explanatory value from you ... not yet
she is a vassal if that is what u mean, yes.
same as during the election campaign. no shame in that bias.
sounds pretty much exactly like exodus 20 to me
the sydney attack gunman identified as sheikh man haron monis
there are much rouge likes him are at present making people life hell
he japan eklauta parish malaya
he is just one rouge individual of peace loving religion .... is not it ??
tell me how many are doing this kind of things anywhere in the world ???
yep ... but its free india now. do not give a ###### what they think
the attack gunman identified as sheikh man aaron monks !
what a lunatic writes his name as sheikh but acts like a retard.
jackass is this 2 com of love jihad. u eternal moron ?
such peoples demean whole society ... they need to dealt with strictness.
they are expert in cooking this kind on nonsense thing
wow is he from ross or he is a hindu ,,, i want to know from singulars
secular pigs will say something just wait
the attack gunman identified as sheikh man aaron monks ” scared
all these people offering a ride with muslims . know that whats done was by idiots not muslims .
so you are making taker ? be very careful !
he said they are not muslims.
sorry this for the argument. insha allah forgive me if i disrespected in any way. wasalamu alarm
did not really get point but we should not have gone this far. nobody knows his intention
so you are not happy about them trying to do a good deed ?
who will ride with me when i worry about being beheaded by an islamic nutter ?
yes but the typical fascists and racists choose to ignore that and target muslims.
i think he means not muslim as in not to generalize all muslims but allah knows best
neither retards nor pussies. proud muslims.
can someone tell me what is happened i am so confused
what is done by idiots *, not muslims. he left a comma there.
he said idiots i do not think he is making taker on anyone
terrible scenes in sydney at the moment . i prey it ends peacefully
hi i love u ! have a nice day !
i am praying for sidney
say hi to please
loves u !!
hey how are merry ahead christmas time. do you have any special plans for christmas ?
what please inform me.
hi say hi to me, please
definitely praying. the world can be a scary place these days.
say hi to me plus. brazil loves you
i love you so much oliver !!!!
what happened in stay safe.
could you please inform us of what is happening ?
this is so depressing . americans respond to :
this is why you only trust very, very trained police with weapons. c.c
is had plenty of hostage situations, even in concealed carry states.
cognitive dissonance and denial at the highest level.
or just shoots the hostages.
welcome to where anyone is a hero and gun crime never happens !
disgusting rt this is so depressing. americans respond to :
so no deaths reported and some hostages have got out.
more kill fellow with guns in 1 year than terrorists ever could in 100 years !!
who needs an enemy when guns in the us kill 30,000 of their own annually.
and his savior !
that this could never happen in america “ one is terrifying.
it is just rather dispersing innit.
praying for the hostages and family is in sydney
praying for the hostages and family is in sydney ” godless
no word on the gunman yet
thinking of everyone in sydney today x
thank god all hostages are out 🙏
it is just ended about 15 mind ago x
siege is 2 confirmed dead and 3 injured atm 😔
it all just ended in about the last 30 minutes.
the siege is over but it ended terribly
two people were 3 are injured
i heard 2 dead. rest checking for injuries 💔
horrific. am watching it lives in brisbane. am shaking. praying for the victims
some scary starting to think i was in a mel gibson movie
breaking news : is over , according to police .
only because he was paid off by the turks and saudis
would have said jihadists “ like they always do.
i am glad it is over for those people. they did not deserve all of that !
remember hemming he went to help you people he was a very good man but was still murdered
who are the has some information that white roman emperors removed from the bible
you fool believe to inform you of the imperialist
pretty much a dumb thing to say, people from every religion have done the same thing.
now think about what have done, north america, africa, australia, ww1, ww2
an atheist all religion should be abolished they are all fiction and lies made to control stupid people
may the hostage taker have been shot by 1 of this pork covered bullets.
true. but without algebra we would still be measuring right angle triangles to calculate square roots.
how do you know it was not muslims who did this ?
is against extremism and the killing of innocent people you see is the opposite of the media
no sir you turks fought against australia in ww1 and collaborated with hitler in ww2
your governments of supporting terrorism in iraq and syria, you just dupes believe what is being said
is like northern it is all about religion if both sides renounced their faiths peace would follow
won the smart ass.
you still have not answered my question who is an are or were egyptians
members sleep with 18 virgin goats !!
is not are, i will tell ya that.
invented science thousands of years before islam
breaking news is over, according to police
this is not a but us intelligence vile act to distort islam
breaking news is over, according to police. resorted.
good for that is the way a siege should be handled.
good get sea hag on the phone so she can file a bullshit report !
do children killed in is not considered terrorism and innocent jews
not true the invented maths ' science medicine back over 1000 years before a muslim existed
never said so. no religion encourages such act !
ruled the world first then the greeks and romans stop quoting from your fictitious book the'an
if you do not know the history of islam is better to remain silent
really unification of electroweak force ? better not read :
rt breaking news is over, according to police.
i have many friends and we are like brothers .... explain that.
right they ruled the world the founders of everything are blacks read mm pickthall duran trans al-hijr v 26
some people do not know about islam, you are talking to what you hear from the media imperialism
hate think more muslims were not always backward & amp ; islam influenced europe +fly :
as i said go search about it.
no its advanced thanks to scientists such as einstein oppenheimer tesla etc no such thing as a muslim scientist
lets start insulting cause that religion encourages violence !!! right ?
saw profile am also into music led by black moses black is the original creation
keep thinking that all you want.
read history if you do not believe me. what brought muslims down was greed of the leaders.
does not require a clean scum like you
they mean no then escort them safely.
what other religion encourages killing innocent people and beheading them etc the duran was clearly the devils book
there are a kill in the name of islam, they are not muslims
is advanced thanks to muslim scientists !
sending love to sydney .
sending love to sydney. ”
link to offer and request help
there is a difference between islam & amp ; fundamentalism.
gt get attacked by islamist sgt ; declare solidarity with themwtf logic
first what this terrorist did was declared his faith by with a sahara on it
the terrorist is a fundamentalist - the other 476,000 muslims in australia are not.
if the black flag seems familiar , it is because it was also flying during gaza protests in sydney that
both were caused by and the other race batters/incompetents.
obviously this guy has no idea like so many.
no ... the flag was noticed during gaza war ... that is when government should have acted
that is not an extremist flag. you are ill informed mate !
i despise both and muslim jihadists
you did not take my tweet as sarcastic
assholes need to be deported ! pronto !
thanks for sharing i have highlighted you on my
as i said yesterday nothing to do with religion. just a fucking deranged man.
an sympathizer is my guess al nurse is main goal to overthrow assad.
hey you forgot to blame the evil jews for ferguson & amp ; ebola too.
is it it is ? rite ?
funny we did not see that on tv
but be nice to terrorists. christopher kitchens and torture
when are western countries going to start sending these muslim bastards back where they came from.
probably just one demented crazy dude ... nothing else
no need to worry ... islam is a religion of peace ....
sure they they just have an us funded military to do it with.
praying for all still being held hostage xxx
praying not gonna do shit
very sad for everyone involved hope everyone stays safe and this whole drama ends soon peacefully ❤️
the punters are back taking selfies 100m from the lindt cafe
why. the punters are back taking series 100m from the linda cafe ”
these people are fucked rt “ : the punters are back taking series 100m from the linda cafe ”
yep saw this. some people ...
there’s no filter to make a siege self look good 😕
she is rocking ' that purple fanny pack with that pick dress, it is coming ' back
watching the news and cannot believe the number of onlookers hanging around ... the shame
perhaps they can arrange to exchange themselves for someone on the inside.
the punters are back taking series 100m from the linda cafe ” that bum bag tho
sadly can happen to never believed it could happen in sydney. would not go there either
somewhat reminiscent of the photos of the crowds @ lynchings in the states
this is what i am referring 2 go 2 photos 5
appalling. rt the punters are back taking series 100m from the linda cafe
seriously rt the punters are back taking series 100m from the linda cafe
the real crime is the bumbag
complete joke that people are allowed anywhere near the scene.
seems there is a filter that removes a phallus from a forehead
the punters are back taking series 100m from the linda cafe
rt : if the black flag seems familiar , it is because it was also flying during gaza protests in
been around a lot longer than the gaza protests. i just like my hate groups informed
back flag also used by al nasa, who the if helped capture border checkpoint on the golan.
not only in but all over the world.
so could be anything from domestic dispute to gaza to who knows what ?
they should have at least washed the flag.
breaking : police say the hostage situation in the sydney cafe has ended .
has more than a billion followers and a bunch of criminals cannot are doing this.
stupid progressive criminal justice system allowed this guy out on bail despite such serious crimes he was accused of
and i told you read from the beginning 8:1
breaking police say the hostage situation in the sydney cafe has ended. ”
conceal amp carry is on
breaking police say the hostage situation in the sydney cafe has ended. ” thugs
explain to me what (8:12) means
the are some of the most evil people on the face of the earth.
us army is the one responsible for this all. they are the bigger terrorist.
come up with solid points. or leave.
i believe in holy duran. and do not follow some random pages.
read it clearly it is about the battle of bad
look what the said about the jews -
breaking police say the hostage situation in the sydney cafe has ended. one cafe !
i did read it from the beginning. it still said the same thing - behead the unbelievers !!!
just reading a and or anti-religious pages does not give you knowledge about islam.
i oppose and all of allah is messengers. all evil and going to hell for eternity
i read it all here it is an evil book.
yes ... wait until they find out the bullets that killed the hostages came from police.
these people portrait them as muslim but they are anti-islamic. they do not belong to islam.
this link is filled with verses from the duran. can you read ?
read the from (8:1) from the beginning (translated)and if you understand english.
two confirmed dead ... ed how long till this happens in usa ... scary is not it
if you say so than prove it ... you know nothing about islam.
us army is responsible for what is happening in iraq, afghanistan, pakistan libya etc.
what is doing with the palestinians. what did the serbs dot the muslims. in bosnia.
you are finally showing some of your true muslim beliefs
not a religion of peace at all - read this to know about true islam
if you do not believe anything do not criticize it until you do not know about it.
you do not believe the duran ? because that is what it is - the duran !!!!!!!
you are showing this video as the palestinians were the one responsible for the holocaust.
hostage situation ongoing in sydney business district . updates : live :
another crazed person promoting by taking hostages and spreading fear.
gunman appears to be using " the wrong flag " says
their just can not believe that it does not say “ do not tread on me “
i think far was can help in this case
but they are not. they call themselves that.
so many bigger narratives at play here but hey, a flag
ah. i do not know who/was that is. sorry
is not a threat to world peace. it is ignorant for you to say this.
then do something about it ! their your people !
he has reportedly asked for an is flag to be brought. this is not an is flag.
it is a swarm sign ? okay, definitely not isis.
please ... is threat to world peace and pakistan is also threat to world peace
new has been sent by allah embrace him as your caliphate
enough about the stupid flag rt : gunman appears to be using “ the wrong flag “
gunman appears to be using “ the wrong flag “ says ” huh ?
how is it known to be the wrong flag, we do not know who this post is representing
we want far was of sheikh aaron monks
according to the twitter handler of isis. you are not real muslim
do not forget that the overwhelming majority of muslims are as disgusted by the actions of these few fanatics as
these people try to hide behind islam to justify themselves
numerous community leaders have condemned acts of terror
that is complete the duran calls christians and jews children of the same god
not fault of as people, but something majorly wrong with that faith that breeds terrorists worldwide
evil doers are always defeated by the inherent goodness of human nature
com that is the most important thing to worry about right now ???
big amen on that my friend
that makes no sense thousands of churches condemn the klein how many mosque say anything or report radicals ?
you prove to me that ignorance has nothing to do with the quality of education. haha.
and that too. the keyword is read and do not stereotype !
those no we don’t
do not judge the judge the religion
what about the idol worshipers like hindus, buddhists, yazidis etc ?
the do not go around killing muslims. i just think islam as a faith allows for extremism
really read that.
turning people against all is the goal of these people, so they can justify their actions
really why do not they stand uptothe radicals ? cowards or agree with them ?
and that is what i said too, i judge that ideology that is breeding violence wherever it exists
thoughts also with the muslim community whose name and religion has again been hijacked against their will .
it is another example that this religion is a poison to the whole world.
community leader on national tv now denouncing the act publicly. just fyi.
police have allowed me back into martin place newsroom - gunman is clear - white shirt , black cap ,
sounds different to reports of man previously : bald, black bandanna with white text. possibly two ?
translate his headband for us please ?
if you have a clear view can not a sniper have a clear shot at this monsters head ?
seriously a shotgun ?
if you can see him you can also sniper him
thoughts and prayers with you all. stay safe
welcome and stay safe !
if you can see him .... sniper rifle and shoot the prick !
how come u r aloud back in the news room ?
good news stay safe.
you be careful there reason !
surely they can shoot him through the window ?
50 charges of sexual assault against sydney hostage-taker
why was he given asylum ?
and they gave this psycho asylum ?
sexual assault he is in trouble now !
cops storming the place right now
how greatly he qualifies for being a jihad !
50 charges of sexual assault against sydney hostage-taker ” and still no jail ?
now here is another example of a little ray of sunshine !
thanks for sharing that. you are featured on my
that religion of peace strikes again !
just have a sniper take him out.
50 charges of sexual assault against sydney hostage-taker ”
good journalism at the expense of angering america is democrat islamist ...
people are actually taking selfies on the site of the
this is meant for what a perfect example of the social disease.
people are actually taking series on the site of the ” sick people
people are actually taking series on the site of the ”. sick !
sad that cheap digital photography has made us into ghouls.
people are actually taking series on the site of the ”
people are actually taking series on the site of the ” idiots
service : people are actually taking series on the site of the
gt gt ; rt people are actually taking sserieson the site of the
insensitive cretins preserved for posterity.
and you are promoting it.
they just have a complete indifference to those lives
people are actually taking series on the site of the ” jesus
at least they are not threatening peoples lives, focus on the main issue !
it is early tuesday in sydney , crisis in 16th hour , as authorities try to secure safe release of
can not believe officials have not designated this event as terrorism. islamic terrorism at that.
is true prime minister is iran khan ..... away sharif is a rigged born baby.
the has identified the guy involved with the sydney sage
crazy man do not you get tired
sort of makes one wonder why he did not take one with him ?
disgusted with and their “ terror analysts “.
no one is trained to do a head shot.
we do not judge their method of doing things. the primary issue is safety
siege gunman identified as man aaron monks -
. if they have the shot, they need to take it with this freak.
praying for the safe release of all
what a coward. hopefully snipers put that red dot on his forehead quickly.
that is the sydney i recognise . rt : this , this is what good people do .
no always good to do so
rt crying standing with my sisters
she is a very real and dear friend of mine, it is copied from her facebook.
cheers for that. i just like to check before i report. many thanks.
have you got proof this is a real tweet ?
thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with muslims
u clearly know nothing about .... go on ; quote urania verses out of context
people in the west start condemning the actions of their governments all over the world ....
most of the jihads are highly is the religion which makes them terrorist.
having faced after this really touched my heart.
the majority of so called moderates will not deal with the minority because they support them.
i leave in a country where questioning is allowed without fear to be hanged for blasphemy.
where are voices against isis beheading ? i hear none ...
they are hoping to continue lying to western society that there are moderate muslims.
there are lots i hear - listen. and i am an atheist not a muslim
solidarity with a religion that clearly state violence against non believers and downgrade women ? no thanks.
we can not put up with them forever
do not have freedom of choice to embrace islam. 2 options : brainwashed or hanged for blasphemy
omg really ?? and we wonder why the world thinks americans are morons .
it is how do they misspell blair from deep ?
mg really and we wonder why the world thinks americans are morons. ” low 😂
we are poorly served by our political and journalistic betters.
mg really and we wonder why the world thinks americans are morons. ”
well some believe he is tony blair.
kind of moronic to label entire nation because of this too.
an insult to war criminal and a compliment to failure
really mg really ?? and we wonder why the world thinks americans are morons. ”
prayers needed for the situation happening in sydney right now .
never thought it would happen in as
suspicious package sent to opera house and being evacuated. it gets worse.
makes me cringe love .💛
i just heard about the situation. praying that no one gets hurt 🙏💗
it is so tragic. heartbreaking. please let them return safely to their families
oh ... please take care !!!!!!!!
what happened w ;
hope everything works out okay there & lt
i am in the city at work. keeping myself updated
what is happening in right now
if there is a sydney-style attack in the u.s. all these anti-cop protests will end in about two seconds .
and with demands to torture them for more information, too.
the media will abandon coverage since it will hurt the narrative.
there is probably never been one. seems unlikely.
oh by god this might be the stupidest thing he is said
cops did a wonderful job preventing boston.
that is the dumbest thing ever written on this garbage website.
maybe the children should have had guns
prevented further attacks what about the initial attack ?
you sound like a pete. please share your solutions to the problem.
every ' lone ' gunmen was also working with the aclu so his tweet checks out
it is an including establishment, mood.
could but the media is not exactly full of rocket scientists either.
this dude is the lord of the mayonnaise boys.
there is a significant mood among the protests.
then it will go from anti-cop and anti-intelligence to “ well why did not they prevent this ? “
blaming the us gov not for things the us gov not does is just more library nonsense
did not stop the first one, but stopped hypothetical ones.
for everyone should have at least 1 gun pointed at them at all times
unless the cops use a choke hold on the jihads.
in at the gun owners saved the day.
i think you are missing the point.
yeah super tough gun guys protect everyone.
of course it dear. * pats you on the head *
there is a reasonable interpretation. lol
if only i were as smart as random twitter guy.
is an patriot and hero imho
you destroyed that straw man. nice job.
no one in has ever been murdered. the guns protected us every time
yes. and save us from attacks.
i i know. it is racist. diversity.
if you keep them no need to worry about hostages, right ?
you mean
you literally typed this with like four of your fingers in one nostril.
fucking a right our guns is why we have the lowest murder rate in the world !
protests will end everyone will remember how badly we need cops to prevent terrorism ?
at least you have going for you
i hope you are not really this stupid, but i think you may be
is these people part of a performance art piece where everyone is an idiot on line ?
nothing to do with strengthening law enforcement. cops do not need more bullets.
if only the kids at sandy hook had more guns
and somehow it would be blamed on either bush or global warming.
. hey who caught the boston bombers and therefore prevented them from further attacks ?
no immigration from countries. revoke all visas for those here now.
democrats and media matters would instantly stu about the as well.
some are. others are
owning a gun makes you a hero imho. 1 gun = 1 heroism
cops were very popular after that.
a hostage situation at a sydney cafe has come to an end , after police stormed the scene . live
could deaths be avoided did the australian police not overreact ?
let is go ppm wake up conceal & amp ; carry is game on
: australian police have named the suspect in the sydney siege : islamic leader sheik man haron monis
police have named the suspect in the : islamic leader shark man aaron monks via :
sheik man that is a shi'a turban there
of a racist bastard then that is not my problem
la that is what you guy telling us every time something like that happens.
sheik is going to be shot through the head soon what an asshole to attack regular citizens.
go figure. what a surprise !
monies who kidnap hostages in sydney
time to roundup his. who knows how many he has with his.
police name suspect in sydney siege : islamic leader shark man aaron monks ”
not a real self proclaimed. please correct.
why do not they just put a bullet in hie head and end it
sydney siege ongoing ; pm says unclear if politically motivated . our latest update
our prayers are with you jimmy, stay safe.
black flag with white script .... could be anyone. no reason to suspect islamic motivated terrorist.
i wonder if it is a muslim
holds hostages listen live on radio
shoot those animals with bullets marinated in pigs blood !
3 hostages have escape or been let go !
he and everyone else knows. it is well pastime pretending about these things.
tell last thing on my mind is watching last up of n'room tonight even though love show
siege ongoing pm says unclear if politically motivated. ”
australians showing us how it is done . = solidarity and no to racism towards muslim community during sydney seige
i have got nothing but respect for you.
you keep bring up judging people on their looks yet i have not once said that.
i do know that. but thanks for taking time out of your day to educate me.
its not racist to hate a religion
any race can be a muslim or islam. it is not racist to hate a religion.
you cannot narrow down clothing and color to a religion. your argument is invalid.
the truth is the sydney man holding hostages is not just putting the people in the cafe in danger but
one man ignite hatred against millions of peaceful people.
i think he is committing a crime. the utah is not. lets keep perspective
it always like that. may allah guide us with knowledge camp ; patience amen
this is sad indeed. people are really fearful now. watering holes will lose business
just went past 12 hours since this started . we are thinking of the hostages and their families at this
its heartbreaking to watch my thoughts and love being sent your way sydney.
any lone nutjob who wants international attention for a crime now just has to wave a black flag around .
really is that why u shamelessly agreed2 comparison of barbaric isis with benign sang his
to be fair that nut job is an extremist nut job.
more than half of terrorist (isis) is from the west. mosad/cia and now raw jumping in
well bro keep living in denial.
you mean like ?
these will not be lone nut jobs mate.
nus rah flag or. is it just generic ?
should not you wait to hear the facts before you make such a statement.
if i kill from pistol, will the pistol be called a killer or me ?
amp terrorists will continue to exist until zionism & amp ; wahhabi defeated.
looks like he does not know diff between ' hare ram ' & amp ; ' harm '.
should round up those foreigners like the uk authorities did to the germans living in ww2 uk
true. likewise of has made fight against terrorism much tougher because of their sheer generalization only. 😢😢
lucky it is nothing to do with islam “.
it is a serious question. she was listed in his manifesto.
i suppose it was unavoidable.
no no i mean what the uk authorities did to germans living in the uk during.
majority of victims r muslims. wonder y they r killing their own religion, low
you mean what the did with jews ? how well meaning of you
good attempt sunny to completely misrepresent what he actually said.
the primary victims of & amp ; their ilk. vile man grooming non-muslims to hate muslims
false and mischievous equivalence. whoever said hare ram to kill ??
you propagate the outfit rather than the person, this is called propaganda.
one says hare ram to kill, other says the same to save, same words moron
for likes of ppm like sunny ! see this snap shot tweet !
my prayers go out to everyone who is involved in the disaster in sydney , hope everyone will get out
thank you nick from all of us down under we thank you for the support shown !
praying for the hostages and their families. please help us prevent the backlash against innocent muslims
thank you for your love and support, it means a lot nick
hopefully they can be all saved. 🙏🙏🙏🙏 it is almost chrichristmas this happened so heart breaking😭😭 ...
thank god at least 5 people were able to escape !
your lovely soul is everything to me😭😭💗
thoughts and prayers are with them ❤️
i know right such harsh shit ! hope all is well with you !
yeah it is been along wait and very scary especially living close by.
been watching it on all day from melbourne. such a crazy world ! 😟
a police operation is underway in the heart of sydney is cbd with one block of martin place blocked off
our rules of laws amp ; democracy were exploited by the islamic extremists
censoring bits of news you do not like is bad, m'kay ?
the way our political amp ; legal systems work just became a disaster waiting to happen.
do not show the flag, you bunch of clowns, facebook media.
the people is lives are at stake. facebook bullshit.
it is nearing midnight in sydney , where police are preparing to negotiate through the night
maybe the gunman will just fall asleep ??
terror threat highlights growing extremism
the hostages must be in a panic. wish they can be safe.
there preparing so there not ready to. holy fucktard batman.
it is nearing midnight in sydney, where police are preparing to negotiate through the night ”
it is nearing midnight in sydney, where police are preparing to negotiate through the night ”
isick ' people are actually taking selfies at the site of the
point being exactly that retard.
imagine if your favorite follower got caught up in that sh
sometimes i wonder if we live in a world full of zombies !!!
sick people are actually taking series at the site of the
you would have been depressed imo
they were tourists doing so fuck you right back armhole.
sick ' people are actually taking series at the site of the “
in we take series with bombs b4 it explodes low
i managed to escape are not you relieved
sick ' people are actually taking series at ” idiots
it is a bit rich that. world leaders took series at nelson mandela is funeral.
sick ' people are actually taking series at the site of the ” wt
boil four be is defending me
disgusting sick ' people are actually taking series at the site ”
photo gallery : the latest pictures from lindt cafe
journalism at its basest. great opportunity to serve public with responsible reporting missed.
why have not the police asked islamic leaders to “ negotiate “ where are there community leaders now ?
eek that is a huge backpack .... scary
i think that is a hostage. he is in his 50s and has a stalin mustache.
what is on the headband he is wearing.
stay strong hostages. is with you.
nsw transport management has just told seven news everyone in cbd of sydney should now leave if they are able
link us to the source of this ?
hence i requested source. another person who is full of shit.
it would be wise to marshall law the streets at this point of time.
would strongly suggest following official advice. listen to official news outlets directly. not 2nd hand info.
there is no source because she is making it up.
if you must claim such statements about leaving sydney cd, link to the true article source.
a crowd gathers near martin place .
it is a siege not a spectator sport.
seriously ... what the fuck is wrong with people !?
. why would you want to watch this and create more issues potentially ???
the busy police must love this “ : a crowd gathers martin place. ”
what is wrong with those people ? go home.
fucks sake let the police work. go home
hope all will be safe !
how unrelentingly stupid do you have to be in this picture ?! far out !
a crowd gathers near martin place. ” seriously - go home !!
move on. please move on
worst place to stand “ : a crowd gathers near martin place. ”
these spectators should leave the area. better for themselves and the police.
fools. go home.
i do not understand these people.
get away from there fools.
australia has a long history of terrorism ( the use of violence in the pursuit of political aims ) ....
do not try to correct a wrong with a wrong
state terrorism while individual terrorism deplored.
still does not make it right, even if it is reversed.
is not history strange. so little knowledge is absorbed !
it was to provoke a discussion, not for you to be a sarcastic cock.
: gunman tall man in late 40s , dressed in black – eyewitness
you have also forgotten to say he is a coward using somebody as a human shield.
we must be careful at this time to ascribe motives for any alleged crime
i can see him so why can not a sniper put a bullet through his head ?
gunman takes several people hostage at cafe in
because there is a bloke with a camera in the way, as usual.
because shooting him right away would prevent the government from politically exploiting the situation.
the only thing missing from his attire is a sniper bullet through his religion of peace head.
gunman tall man in late 40s, dressed in black – eyewitness ”
take him and interview him.
gunman tall man in late 40s, dressed in black – eyewitness “
obviously armed who talks about jihad muslim !!!
because his advised there is 4 bombs that he can detonate if shot.
gunfire and explosions were heard at the cafe moments after a group of hostages ran from the building .
what an armhole comment to make. showing your intelligence there mate
am i the only one thinks this is all bollocks to create islamophobia and other things ?
did they kill the bastard ?
not sure. i think so
my god they have a juggernaut there, hope everyone is ok.
from inside martin place newsroom we can see gunman is rotating hostages , forcing them to stand against windows ,
holding the flag thats humiliation
... he is been trained.
one hostage has been holding up the flag up against the window for 8 hours
am prayed for help them 🙏
pardon the pun but that sounds like a !
what is going on honestly heard. looks like a protest in a form of hostages.
- 1,570,000,000 muslims in the world - 500,000 muslims in australia -1 terrorist in do not stereotype
yes. extremists not every !!!!!!!!
oh so now women are not treated well here ?
prejudice linked to low :
hopefully today more and more people will realism the true threat sydney faces every day with muslim extremists
once again. extremists are minority. they are what a majority of asylum seekers flee from !
oh i am fully aware of many muslims hate extremists. does not help that all extremists are muslim
i heard they treat women extremely well in syria, you will get some attention at least.
very dangerous have a look at middle east. i bet you support haas ??
your argument is to wished washy ... you say one thing then change your mind ::
read about you will be amazed what you will find. islam is a peaceful religion
will you ride with me ?
are you also thinking of taking hostages for your islamic beliefs ? good luck
why are we calling him a terrorist ?
fuck up nobody asked your worthless terrorist loving opinion.
i do not support anyone. i support peace and leaving the innocent alone !!
yeah. i notice is trending. does not that say something douche canoe ??
oh you stupid bigot. you are embarrassing yourself.
so those who want a peaceful existence are not allowed to flee ?
everyone who has spoken to her has left the conversation feeling disgusted they came across such a cretin.
is not perfect when it comes to sexism so look in your own back yard first !
i will be completely honest with you. she makes terrorists look extremely good and ethical
blames men for sexually assaulting her. nothing to do with me
you really are not bright are ya ?
not every just the vast majority.
the police have described the operation as an anti-terror one.
yes because women are treated fantastically here idiot
i do not support terrorism ! fuck you are thick !!
typical of you people live in australia but still criticism everything. how disgusting.
think you will find i have but thanks for making assumptions 👍👍
trend is your friend spanner.
so why do not you condemn this terrorist ??
it is not my hash tag thanks.
everyone should feel safe just like those poor hostages taken by a deranged islamist.
australians tweet to support muslims fearing an anti-islam backlash from the sydney hostage siege
maybe they could tweet something for the hostages too
thank you simply great ppm n i salute ur wisdom n courage
islam is a non-violent religion . do not let a few extremists or the media fool you .
there are and always have been christian groups involved with terror attacks. and also : spanish inquisition.
wow. that is rather egotistical.
the 1. 7 billion support the islamic caliphate incident - its one explosive pot
they are 1. 5 billion do not be part of propaganda
and stop saying loves you “. i do not know any mexican guys.
the whimsical and very jealous biblical god is anything but about love.
the bible has something to say about people that have to announce that they will be praying ...
you should add into that list of extremists.
also you sound just like any other religious extremist. proof that you are the right one ?
with a very haughty and smug air of superiority over heathens
1. 5 billion supporting jihads
so you are against extremists forcing their religion on others ... unless it is your religion ?
do not be part of “ head in sand “ flock !
gunman in switches off the lights
gunman in switches off the lights ”
it is never illegal to save your own life.
link to offer and request help
better than killing a mockingbird.
should of put one in his head with a sniper rifle by now
i agree in my experience police in the uk not so !
they all probably just want some attention before christmas because they are on santa is naughty list
get the undertaker out there lads
gunman in switches off the lights ”
please get these poor people out safe ... this is terrifying !!
terror threat highlights growing extremism
is not that their worst nightmare ?
someone carries a concealed weapon would work wonders in there right now.
australia severely restricts gun ownership leaving citizens helpless ! we must stand up 4 the !
that is the stupidest thing i have ever heard.
you said we went to war for saudi oil ? when ?
you have asked me to repent multiple times today, little preachy
please enlighten me oh hater of all things u.s.
brother. phi.
recognizes all people are born with inalienable god given rights our constitution protects those rights
and oil was a different war - keep up mate
stay there. we are & amp ; we are free to express our beliefs.
unlike u pitiful peasants who must grovel at feet of government americans have rights protected by our constitution
awakened to what exactly ? i do appreciate your efforts, please bare with me
she is as in that is why she sounds like a fucking idiot.
plea is what i said and meant. i am not speaking in hateful sarcasm.
censorship works in countries ... that is part of the problem.
we have never gone to war for saudi oil. period. i am not angry at all.
strong abuse mate. i can see the logic in reducing violence by increasing weapons.
. my look like tom in oz ?
are you why would we australian citizens be interested in your opinion. works for us.
your free will. i have told you the truth.
your country has a lot more violent crime than the usa, you moron
i cannot speak for foreign policy of over 20 years ago phil - my apologies
you would not be bigoted against christians would you ? you should repent while you can.
you have also invaded or occupied over 40 different countries on the last 2 decades.
i do not do drugs.
hey banned guns and violent crime skyrocketed wise up and stop giving your rights away
its probably not the most appropriate time to have a go at australian gun laws.
thank you. and thanks for follow.
as gun ownership in has grown, violent crime is down, you blithering idiot !
well that is the thing, the facts do not backup what claims
i am not preaching. i am speaking the truth. no it is up to you.
i do not watch fox.
it is not a few you blind limey propagandist.
sorry deleted last tweet your pic looked like tom in oz.
i was born from my mother.
happy to look at the evidence that supports your position. oh wait. there is not any.
i did say stay out of it - keep shooting yourselves and funding a corporate elite through the nra
anytime we have a shooting in usa you illiterate clowns lecture us !
really never hear of beheading on street ?
are you a parody account ? this can not be the rational thought of a sane human being.
you can not even answer the simple question. someday you will be wakened. i tried.
probably best to assume they are a troll and ignore. attention seeker ...
. someone does not pay attention to world need or watches 2 much mm
is called you racist. nne is called you anything.
when did we go to war for saudi oil ?
use some logic. it does not square with your accusation.
you concentrate on your own backyard
hatred and sarcasm ... interesting plea.
the killing brotherhood allay nazis. i do not watch mm ass.
kill more muzzles than all others combined in all of history moron.
that is my point you invaded another country for their oil first.
this will be good when did we go to war for saudi oil ?
my heart goes out to all involved . stay strong and be safe sydney !
thanks just an update 5 people are out !
it is stupid ..... but anyway
but why you did not tweet about ukraine ?!.....
hope everyone is staying safe in sydney
your sentiments mean a lot. thanks for thinking of them. x
thanks upsetting this is not been as is about ... dark day for all !
call it extremism . call it stupidity . but do not call it " islam " . do not slander
it’s super huh ? that’s what my muslim friends say.
it is just some stupid radicals using that verse stated in the duran to get what they want
they should have. i am not advocating that. 2 wrongs do not make a right.
i’m blessed. have a great day. gotta go.
does your school ever not taught you to never trust the internet ? -_-
what do you know about him ?
thank you for your clear sighted view in a world that prefers to hate
is principle of peace is stated over & amp ; over again like in 5.
who the wants to communicate with pervert scums like your ilk ? get lost arab rape products
why not discover more wonderful treasures about him by reading the gospels ?
is the word for someone who does not hold the same beliefs as a muslim
will catch this later. easy to have a bogeyman. hard to take time to understand. peace
i will only communicate with you if you do not stoop to gutter level name calling. thanks
and you are so ironic. calling yourself a christian man but spreading hate regarding other religions.
praise god his word clarifies the confusion of men. translation … no problem whatsoever.
do u have anything to say about this ?
no bro. i do have islamic friends, they do not advocate killing non-islamic people.
and accept that not everything written in the modern day bible is accurate
it should be about the creator, not the created to keep the order logical.
i’ve heard that one before. right … no peaceful solution to conflict, huh ?
this is what the pervert cult propagates .....
but the prescribes violence more than 100 times. not a religion of peace.
oh wow that is like blaming your mom for the ignorant behavior you portray now.
i meant people who take religion seriously do these stuffs. they can even be called psychos.
any message ’ from god can be translated into any language with no trouble, right ?
problem is whether know this rule of “ no punishment for speaking out “
when bush called it a crusade, no one went up in arms about the religious angle
read a lot of it. anger. no peace.
okay my dear friend. tell me, does christian promote killing ?
just revealing truth instead of buying lies.
you are such a joke giving me links to the internet.
and on the topic of context :
i am highly critical of americans for doing that.
you can not directly translate the duran. it has different meanings as the vowels are different
i am pretty sure does not approve you in believing lies and accusation to other religions
it is just a pity the duran advocates killing non-muslims.
in short it is the people not the religion. period.
this is amp ; teachings of the pervert pedophile prophet
i just wish would teach muslims not to gang rape so many children in england.
yes. peaceful do not advocate it. but the qumran itself does.
well it is lucky the all-loving god took their side, i guess !
how can you translate something that the meaning changes from time to time.
the verse you quoted was before the very first battle they fought where they were outnumbered camp ; under-equipped
is just one of many such verses)
no one calls terrorists when they kill, rape & amp ; bomb millions ... irony.
you are one ignorant guy. the duran was written in arabic, not english, idiot
you think sharing truth is an ignorant behavior. hmmm.
anyway brother from another the quote you have quoted is incomplete. there is two sides
oh how about you ask jesus to open up your eyes and stop being a blockhead
thank you thank you thank you
his words did not change but the translation. are you dumb ?
there is no punishment for speaking out what you feel. 🙏
every verse has a reason why it was revealed, so why do not you research before assuming ?
give me one thing that is beautiful about and is unique and specific to this religion ?
helping me by accusing a religion. wow
and you are telling me that islam is the only religion that is promoting non-peace
violence is everywhere. 109 times. like here with beheading.
have you been paying attention to the overall discussion ? can’t tell by your comment.
a police operation is underway in martin place , sydney is cbd . people are advised to avoid the area
all the best. a clear standoff between good and evil right now in sydney.
the people are behind all of you in these trying times !
as the continues , three faiths come together to pray for peace at lakemba mosque . photo :
blown up buildings. like lets say abortion clinics ... oh wait.
was brain not a terrorist ?
... did motivations for terrorism have to be religious ?
it could happen in if muslims just accepted israel is right to exist. simple.
i did not recall he killed all those poor people in the name of christianity ?
his actions were partially to “ preserve a christian europe “, but since when ...
mosque is center cause of such activities ,,, why all terrorist are muslims ?
terrorist amp 2 stupid fucks are trying to dominate the world.
so proud this is exactly how the world should behave everyday respect
i am sure by your logic myra handle was a terrorist
a pleasure seeing such a photo we need to bring more people together
the occasional abortion clinics being blown up is also in the name of christianity ?
congrats on your tweet !
they did not exactly stop him, did they ?
inspiring. there must be more of this. united we stand.
that was never my argument. my argument is that not all terrorists are muslim
in the modern not all muslims are terrorists - but all terrorists are muslim.
do not only can be terrorists. christians have never ...
would not it is great if this happened in gaza also
even he still killed and injured, first hand, more people than any terrorist since 9/11
and he never cited religious, political or ideological motives. breivik did.
tell that to the parents of those kids. an act of terror is an act of terror
like the effort do not like the smile and the photo op
everybody is allowed to eat chicken, and nobody likes scientologists. let is build from there.
anyone willing to kill others over politics/religion has to have something wrong with them
sadly , this needs to be pointed out with the amount of islamophobia that is currently being posted .
it is not if it is true you moron.
0 to none trust me we all hate them, they ruined the middle east for fuck sake
guns really do not seem to be an actual deterrent to murder
obviously not ship who use green flags, not black.
you wanna get email notification every time they of, go read a book or something
and beheading is for those who deserve it (such as murderers)
even this group is a minority
good me also pray for people killed by muslim hitler oh wait ....
yawn ... still absolutely tiny compared to the worldwide total muslim population. nice try though.
the truth will set you free
no.
. the point is not the number, but how islamic culture keeps producing them.
nobody condemned crimes as terrorism : western media went overboard to hide muslim identity of perks.
. the point is not the number, but how islamic culture keeps producing them.
what percentage are sympathetic to those two groups ?
what amp ; their supporters like album chaudhry ?
any crime done by is condemned terrorism even if did not have a religious motive
they why do not they do something about it ????? curious why you are not pointing that out
so everyone who supports sharia law is terrorist ? do you even know what is sharia ?
sadly we helped create head & amp ; taliban to fight soviets
the only major terrorist attacks in australia in the past 30 years were perpetrated by christians.
also it was more of an ethnic group than a religious one.
or is for that matter ?
1400 in alone doubt that.
describes an honor killing. refer within source :
i will note the attached washington post graphic as superior.
honor killing is not in sharia law
why is not listed in that chart ?
caught meaning of sharia ' unclear. most favor democracy, oppose violence.
let is agree to disagree if you believe that their support of sharia ends at their border.
it tells me shockingly large number of people want to impose the law of the duran on me.
they all together count for about 100k or less ...
counting all crimes across the globe, muslims will probably make 1% of that
the article you pulled your stats from does, though. have you read it ?
most of these are not existence in arab muslim countries and slavery is not a thing in muslim culture
you would think that would be a deterrent.
the 1400 girl abuses you know most of these were muslim girls ? and the rapists were asian
maybe because that would be the most inaccurate construction of information ever ah aha
you sound about as as jihadists are is what happens when ppm stray from true teachings.
and just like the no thanks. not debating the interpretation of either.
your ignorance is your racism is undeniable, and your logic is fucking laughable.
my thoughts are with the people in sydney right now
what is going on in sydney ?
i am going there for 3 weeks tomorrow i am really scared now
like i honestly thought this bs died months ago last time i was in sydney (september)
people are being held hostage at a cafe.
i love you more than pizza. but shah do not tell pizza !
stop saying we only care about the sydney siege because it is 5sos ' home . we care because it
from and i definitely agree with this.
congrats on your tweet !
what the hell how rude can people get. honestly.
you only look like a fuck wit when you make up stories relating to the - unless you read it
this is what everyone should do- spread the word !!
all this false information is only making people more anxious.
all the stuff on channel 7 rn is true right ?
the people nearby tweeting information on police movement need to realism that this is counterproductive
you tell them small. i like that you corrected your own station
such a terrible thing should not be messed with
this guy on win is trying to scare everyone 😒
australian police and media denying the sydney gunman precisely what he wants : free publicity . very controlled coverage .
whereas grandstanding about it doesn’t count of course
can not claim to be an expert but fr what i have seen, pols very much like us/uk
it must be they are handling this wisely.
incredibly impressive so far
us would not have gentleness of concern for well being all, and would be shouting shoving public
interested you think that. maybe in this case but as media more like us normally.
tone of coverage is far superior to what we tend to see in uk and us
have you seen them campaign ? locals are concerned re backlash.
more regular having very touching reaction
it is a truly inspired idea.
hope admirable certain meticulous precision as method will provide the results of deescalated site, calm walkout
apart from rolling footage of the whole thing, including the sahara flag in the window.
. do you think it would be different in the us/uk ?
media somewhat less dramatic and people much less likely to grab pitchforks
nuclear immense constrained energy fear provoking, death suggestive, evocative equal deadly force
albeit there are rotten eggs.
i thought the topic was related to the lack of information released about the gunman and his demands
i suspect the it would be restrained. i can not comment on the us.
no matter how much you try to bring us down , one thing about australian is is we always stand
i want to live in australia just so i can say strata
so fucking true. we are a pack of fucking rats and booze drinking dumb cunts.
mates will always stick together. thanks for sharing mate
the movement has helped restore my faith in humanity .
mine too rt the movement has helped restore my faith in humanity.
dear step son luck with your quest
mine too. just shows that most people are genuinely good and just want to help each other out
the movement has helped restore my faith in humanity. ”
do not read the fm page. some viscous stuff there
same the movement has helped restore my faith in humanity. ”
breaking news - no new development on . we go live to the scene . reporter , what can you
i think i have spent almost 9 hours learning nothing ....
now let is look at how other countries are reporting it.
now let us show you more footage of an empty footpath
so far from delivering any actual. um. news.
breaking : police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours .
cue the bullshit that is going to come out now ...
reports seven hostages taken out at least 2 dead
breaking police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours. ”
police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours. ”
breaking police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours. ”
breaking police say cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours. via
breaking police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours. ”
rt breaking police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours.
rt breaking police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours.
good job. now give us the details
so suspect good on ya, aussies.
breaking police say sydney cafe hostage situation is over after more than 16 hours. ”
the moment when one of the sydney hostages ran out of the cafe .
rt the moment when one of the sydney hostages ran out of the cafe.
i am boycotting because of racist al sharp ton, he should not have show on hsbc
this is terrible everyone please keep the hostages and their families in your prayers
it is terrifying. something we never thought that we will wake up too.
how well the police handled the poor woman ! brought tears to my eyes.
the moment when one of the sydney hostages ran out of the cafe. ” 😪💞
she made me i wanted to hug her.
the muslamic council have called an emergency meeting to ensure that muslims & amp ; islam are seen as the
oh dear she seems rather aggressive, that is unusual from a follower of the religion of peace '
if it was than tell me about the other billion who is not driven to extremism.
it is feeling like that. still do not know how many hostages there are.
shut the fuck up you ignorant cunt
did not read his flag did you. put your emotions aside and be realistic.
not all a threat but there is something in islam that drives millions to extremism.
and i hope they continue doing that
i and imagine the outrage from the lefties
and the rest of the “ peaceful “ community are out on twitter screaming they are victims of racism
they would all be dying their hair blue and trying to look like albert step toe ?
i keep hearing this but it is still muslims that are joining isis and acting on there behalf.
another condemnation statement lets c a mass demonstration by all muslims on the streets denouncing isis !!!!
almost call her an extremist.
the victims are the people being held hostage - talk about trying to exploit the situation to their advantage
its so funny how they all came out of their hole, they got what they want
i said the same thing to a “ moderate “ muslim today. will not bloody happen.
yes i watched qt too low
there may not be mass demonstrations but believe me you will have trouble finding muslims that support isis
just read a you would think it was a white guy holding 6 muslims hostages
already in play. obviously has as many useful idiots as uk
no point wasting time with people like this
they want to eat it & amp ; have it too ai not they ?
it is just another member of the pack.
thats funny because yesterday there were hundreds of muslims wouldenouncing isis ' in a march in london yday😂
if it had been a skinhead holding up a nazi flag .... he would be dead by now
are these the same billion that endorse death for apostasy ???
" police urge the media to be responsible in their reporting " , so the daily tele produced this .
let is roll usa huge usa let is roll !!
they said 50 what happen to the rest ???
here is to the hostages getting safe passage on this day
from a foreigner what is cd ?
time 4 fun here on earth again
all time page views 4,005,579 soon have ' em dealt with
and then showing police in tactical positions. real smart.
they do not want speculation ! they call the truth speculation ?
wants to send you 1 safe passage (5,719 bits/$2. 00) collect
13 hostages 13 ascensions 77 go
have just spoken with leaders of sydney is valued islamic community . appreciated their support and reassured them we are
nothing more than a written statement ?
i have heard from on abc earlier today. a very heartfelt talk.
thank u. really.
wow must be hiding in lakemba somewhere
what should he be referred to as, an atheist ?
how wonderful our prayers are with you all.
checkout lineman for grand mufti statement
a terrorist. a criminal.
but if you insist on being lazy
how come we have not heard from them ?
not by sane or who loves 4 sure ! smh
he is a man , we do not blame all men . he has a gun , we do not
people who are not responsible for anything in the middle east is not “ enlightening “.
no and next door is tabby is visiting - played cat soccer with a little green ball
very sensible. kind of intelligent sentiment that helps rather hinders situation
so very true our neighbors north are not the same as mediterranean crowd who follow extremist
we do that ignoring thing very well when it comes to female violence ago is
if he is all 3 we should be concerned.
good point maybe we should license muslims. have some sort of amnesty ??
and doing that ankle leg thing
and disgusting comments like that are only going to harm your cause.
i love i have a lovely kitty you know.
he is not a ship. ponder that.
but when there is a pattern, only an idiot continues to ignore it.
obviously no one blames all muslims. what a stupid thing to say.
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
new south wales police confirms the siege in a lindt cafe in sydney is over
rt new south wales police confirms the siege in a linda cafe in sydney is over
it was a shit joke anyway to be fair.
monks under ex says assayed him, own family hostage.
so were your mum amp ; dad for having you !
so a violent sex offender can claim innocent lives because the western leaders are scared of racist claims
rt breaking : new police confirms the siege in a linda cafe in is over ”
dreadful for the poor hostages ! i hope they are all safe ? is the hostage taker dead ?
absolutely shocking what zayn malik is doing in sydney , disgusting individual .
what does it have to do with zany mali ? thanks !
that is where are you from ? might have heard something wrong
holding up that cafe mate ” what the fuck is wrong with you
absolutely shocking what zany mali is doing in sydney, disgusting individual. ” disgusting
holding up that cafe mate ” how sick are you ? this is so disgusting.
you are sick get a life mate
absolutely shocking what zany mali is doing in sydney, disgusting individual. ” you are disgusting
i am getting a lot of abuse and i have no idea why low
there is a hostage situation in sydney, 15 people still inside.
i am from what about you
1001 lies you may have been taught ?
me they are definitely in my prayers😞❤️
sorry i must have heard wrong that is understandable
absolutely shocking what zany mali is doing in sydney, disgusting individual. ” fuck you
central coast ... i am terrified for those people 😔
absolutely shocking what zany mali is doing in sydney, disgusting individual. ” what
oh now i understand thanks lisa
that guy was being an asshole saying that because the person holding it up is an islamic man.
respect or you will get no respect.
it is approximated to be 10 left but police will not confirm anything
allow me far my mum was on my account
i am a amp ; i am not a frustrated thing you said ?
so you are sticking up for terrorists ? you are a disgrace
holding up that cafe mate “ delete everything !
young man i do not think this is a joke.
people that did the hostage in sydney
holding up that cafe mate ” bunch dirt and
is wrong with you how can you say that wt
holding up that cafe mate ” watch this dude try to say he ai not racist tho
50 people would not fit inside that cafe ... i have been there before.
here is a time line of muslim ' crusades ' as others use the term.
absolutely shocking what zany mali is doing in sydney, disgusting individual. “ what the fuck
oh wait 15 is it
there is a hostage situation in sydney, 15 people still inside. ” 50 *
on the news it says 15 or more. nothing is confirmed by the police yet
the australian muslim community love their home and worked hard to dispel myths . i hope they do not suffer
wow they made a harsh “ statement oh my
show me a and i will show a violence and terror around the world
i am not but thank you for a cooler head. be safe and be strong.
how about this ?
wow how about a fatwa that would prove it !
myth deport them all.
can we worry about the folks with actual guns to their heads first ?
stop the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
how about hoping that the innocent hostages do not suffer ? they are the ones in real danger.
stop the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
i guess this is how you repay back if you love your country and community
i just hope every body knows who created isis and help them is middle east to kill arabians
worked hard why have none of the spoken against the hostage taker it is called taqiyya
thanks lets not forget true victims here are not the hostages but muslims & amp ; islam
actually the grand mufti and australian national imams ' council have released a statement condemning him.
australian muslim community releases statement in response to .
we heard times. y only one community at loggerheads with rest of world all time ?
whatever is unrest is because of 0. 1 % who are being supported by many a countries
finally even are shocked at the terrorism that flows from the teachings of their own koran !!!!
the world depresses me today. i hope everyone comes out safe.
brother unfortunately media highlights these only. islam has death penalty for illegal rape.
this organization and others are doing this in the name of islam. which is unfortunate.
they got their foothold grasped tightly around your necks ! this is islam !
you from saying this ? pretending you do not know history and current reality ?
raided band with people unaware. he killed men who fought back and imprisoned others.
look it up. they say they denounce terrorism yet so nothing to stop it.
do not judge by 1% of wrong terrorist. only judge by teachings
trends globally amid fears of reprisal atacks over sydney hostage standoff
where r the reprisal attacks ?
i wish you where kidnapped at instead of a friend of mine.
meanwhile , in the sydney cbd extremist lunatics hellbent on the destruction of modern australia released a 2pm edition of
i believe the cell has been busy planning for a year or so ...
a post of what we actually do know about the sydney siege . it is not very long .
that is exactly what i was looking for.
you are doing a great job bridge.
thank you for reporting the facts.
all my thoughts are with sydney right now . scary , sad , day .
5 escaped and more than 10 inside 😔😌😌 i am irom fromomelbourneo scary
. : our hearts and prayers go out to those who are being held hostage .
savages and barbarians have no religion or a human face. theirs is doom !
our are broken for our world citizens in. god bless our children slaughtered by pure evil
our are breaking for world citizens in {
you hypocrites what about the 1. 8 million hostages in gaza ?
teen girl in your area :
that cause of the famous activist arabia arrest is unprecedented
chooses to coexist not blind hatred, not islamophobia.
rice says the movie made him do it.
princess and call for women is rights and the rights of citizens level
god bless and protect our world citizens of, australia {
dove of peace is that enrollment in the sky in order to promote coexistence for all
. any guilt imprisoned | web radar
our hearts and prayers go out to those who are being held hostage. ”
a member of amnesty international - youtube ► 8 : 17► 8:17 …
. any guilt imprisoned - newspaper electronic parts
cause prayer works so well .......
the has entered its 12th hour . thoughts to the hostages and their loved ones .
i hope that everyone makes it out alive. your in my thoughts.
it is actually entered the thirteenth hour.
wearing the hostage taker down .... tick.
thought the media had been moved out of cafe view
disgraceful that some people just took series, gawped, jeered or swilled beer at hostage scene.
if u abuse or target a innocent muslim man or woman in response to what is happening in sydney you
and the home secretary can strip him of citizenship.
i would like to see some of these racist tweets. you have them ?
we need leaders with balls first !!
you only have to it, to see the racist things he has posted
that is not even worthy of a response you have been brainwashed too low !!!
i am not defending any group who uses violence as a means to portray it is point.
agree with that statement !
no explanation just cliches and rhetoric from you then ?
way pastime him and supporters were deported.
look i agree but we are no better if we went around ripping scarves of mosley women
you not half talking some crap mate ... literally reaching for any connection, pathetic !
he started the eds then turned his back on them !! got an answer love ??
his eds was hijacked by supremacists/racists w diff agendas, so he disassociated himself. simple.
i was lucky i could scrutinize :
you believe his bullshit you deserve what you get !!
have done a great service to the ppm of the uk
no i am just not a cunt. scaring muslim women solves what exactly
do not be so naive !! spare us please !!!!!
and series in bed ? saggy old skin, try working out.
by sleeping with the enemy ??? lol
by pointing out truths and facts, burying our heads in the sand will solve fuck all
give an they size two miles by force. there is no compromise.
needs to be proscribed and exterminated in this country.
you should be reported for racism
1 against 2 i asked if it was the same speech where he handed to someone
so why have arrests dropped since the left. sounds like he is a negative influence
big mouth sue low big as your ass with no class !!!!
there are only three types of mosley.
for example the salutes hal hitler chants at your rallies
you are a fucking lisa. what exactly does targeting innocent people solve ? 😶
there is not a cowardly bone in your body
but we could exile him. like napoleon.
and criminals sent to oz.
not arguing stating a fact .... m8
i have not seen her comments or views so ?
you love are the type of cunt that gave the eds shit like being racists
exactly right we do not lower our selves to extremism or we become what we are fighting against
fact cholera wants us to live under sharia law.
and the rest of the uhf is sordid sexual activities regarding female treatment ?
the maggot was born here.
turned into a monster. these things happen. so he moved on. extremely brave.
well done a bit of honesty !!!!
who created would disagree i would imagine.
anyone doing those activities at an eds demo is ejected ! anymore tired cliches ?
there are no moderate that moderate ' has to be used shows that.
you block get the fuck off my time line & lt ;
arrests have dropped due to efforts of both police liaison and our own stewards ...
considering you state you are anti islam, i do not expect you to agree or be objective
when i lead eds after lee rights killing i said the same. check my newcastle speech
sorry mate but you are and you are a traitor to your own people and a seething coward ....
that is so lame low !!
what does my opinion on islam have to do with tommy is alleged racism ?
hey that is an idea !!
fight evil with calm measured decency. rage & amp ; anger has accomplished what ? lives in ashes
i totally agree with you mate i am with you !!!!
they need to be removed and islam proscribed like it is in japan.
i expelled the elizabeth i
you share the same views and opinions belong to the same group.
it might be ... but what does that have to do with what he said himself ?
thanks for that x
kicking people out who are not wanted ? i do not think
he rants. like that cannibal.
too ignorant to argue with ... arguing with a fool only proves there is 2 low !!!!
so does is she racist too ?
i do not remember tommy ever stirring up hate. message was always inclusive
the hostages are what matters attacks on women wearing headscarves would be cowardice and pathetic
i am hoping for the day we execute the men and deport the woman children
was that the same speech where you gave the microphone to a bloke who made racist comments
boo fucking are not the victims. the hostages are the victims.
you cannot compromise with a cult that demands u convert or die. how is that negotiable
the thugs will be on the side of the jihads.
how is he sleeping with the enemy
no they are there is no such thing as a moderate, innocent mosley.
why surround your self in those believes if they are not your own.
and by pardon i what the fuck are you on about ?
to perfect. then cancel his passport.
whilst we let the imams indoctrinate the foot soldiers of the future.
very well said by the way
however ... plenty of so called peaceful uhf/anti fa arrests at counter demos tho ...
so your entire point is ... someone (not tommy) said something so that makes him racist ?
at least not everyone are sheep !!
i do not think we should attack the muslims. we should stop islamic immigration.
video released of hostage
because he promotes racism and hate
this experiment could be ok or we could end up with several cities like belfast
you are too daft to even argue with m8 low
yeah totally agree. how can any intelligent person think otherwise ?
who was making racist which reinforces my point.
i will forever be grateful to the & amp ; & amp ;
beautiful : sydney stands up to racism & amp ; bigotry with one hashtag : ( via )
free with every hostage would be a better one
meanwhile another nut job takes up arms in sydney
declare love wear this today -- sgt ;
are you talking about racism and bigotry towards christians and other minority groups ?
i want to spread this message. have a look : ()
: sydney stands up to racism and bigotry with one beautiful hashtag
that is a train station 🐸☕️
sounds like a sales slogan (better trademark it)
with the that will have to face racism after the happenings
good one long time and guess brussels is good ...
judge. calling random people out will not make your opinion look better.
if you have any lingering doubts that the threat of radical islam is global as well as lethal ... via
world shows how fucked your worldview is, designating territory due to religion. how liberal
really a little presumptive is not it ?
i certainly have no lingering doubts that lazy islamophobia is likely to kill more people.
definitely not lands ' if we are wanting to make progress.
is every white academic a racist ?
so what would you call the area from pakistan to turkey to morocco ?
i would never realized you were a sam harris-style islamophobe ! disgusting and disappointing. unfollowing now.
but practically all modern terrorists are muslim. statistics, ya know.
you are correct
so the minority religions do not get representation because you can not think of a better name ?
is simply another name for someone who actually understands it
is tweeted because it distracted from the actual issue of jihad threat and implied moral ...
time to impose immigration barriers.
then you are too dumb to deal with bye
well it is true. the us backed adam and helped him fight the iranians.
not when the track history of us intervention suggests that it will probably make things worse.
cue multiple western cringing clueless pols saying “ nothing to do with islam “
give me a break. most us foreign aid is spent by dictators on tools of oppression
you mean the regime that the us helped put in place ?
do you mean western imperialism as manifested in ukraine and syria, vladimir vladimirovich ?
really so all those troops in the muslim world are just a part of my imagination ?
by this all psychologists are torturers ? or all christians are terrorists ?
... critique us foreign policy.
presence does not equal which was your original accusation. explain the threat.
given that western imperialism disappeared some 60 years ago.
i guess we will end this on a point of agreement then.
... have to include all the humanitarian aid and efforts to help establish self determination.
i would say 500,000 dead iraqi children during the 1990 is sanctions qualifies as a disaster.
a nice way to hahn. have a good one.
is it now by the way you still have not explained this no threat '.
no chocolate shop is safe from the anti-chocolate spread of islam.
it is also clear you have no idea what imperialism is.
no need to wait for the facts all ?
to generalize any religion based on, out of context statistics is wrong.
with that logic then explain all non muslims are what ?
do not move the your initial tweet was about the “ threat “ of western imperialism.
the us is still paying assisi to violently put down protests.
is the devil is tool all muslims are spiritually deceived and many kills for that deception
means peace. love for all, hatred for none.
it is. just like white supremacy.
how does it compare to the threat of western imperialism ?
so having hundreds of military bases in 100+ countries and propping up dictators is not empire ?
this is so gross ( via )
how is it different to millions watching it on the evening news ?
they should be gawking on twitter and tv like the rest of us ...
talk at the traumatic terrorist attack
does not look like fears her in sydney
it is different. onlookers are contributing to congestion. its not helping.
rt this is so gross (via) ”
i am thinking some could well be close relatives etc
so a hundred viewers on site of incident is worse than millions of tv viewers glued to networks ?
staying away so police do not have to also do crowd gmt ?
issues that we have 2face dadadaistations pppalsrtraumatizings everyday
what is wrong with people ?
how do you know they are not related to the hostages or something ?
they all should be moved on ! why would you put yourself in danger !
go home you fools you are not helping !
so morbid and disrespectful. also quite dangerous.
yeah i get that. but the public ? people please ! really ?
ridiculous. media i the rest need to fuck off.
beautiful : as terror attack in sydney is ongoing , ppl offer rides 2muslims being abused on transport
awesome. not all are terror. because of one drop ink mess the whole water.
this 2 teenagers was lucky not infected by ebola. alloloya
glad to see so many people rising above the bull shit.
. any comment on why israel is response is basically ? why the pretended antisemitism ?
tweet at siege. u come is wrong entry. pls get exit.
if you are from sydney please stay safe ! all the love . xx
if you are from sydney please stay safe ! all the love. xx ”
faith in humanity restored .
i do not even know what happened on public transportation that started it. anything happened before ?
o no need to persecute. of course. just be alerted
employed to justify heinous crimes against other humans. ideas are dangerous in general.
they were radical and has radical opinions. i am for it
faith in humanity restored. ” & lt this !
faith restored faith in humanity restored. ”
oh my god thank you these people are beautiful
faith in humanity restored. honestly brings me to tears i love humans sometimes
you said these people protecting muslims from persecution are “ bleeding hearts “
faith in humanity restored. ”
i mean no harm. do not understand how dangerous islam is yet
i was just thinking ' how cool are you ' agreed 😘😘😘 to ausaustralia
no o did not mean that. i meant the spring if solidarity with muslims is ridiculous
congrats on your tweet !
this touches my heart on so many levels day
hundreds of millions. you r delusional.
faith in humanity restored. ” this makes up for the selfie-taking fools imo 👍
hundreds of millions. you are delusional.
see it is ridiculous. muslim propaganda. has anyone ever threatened muslims ?
faith in humanity restored. people make the earth a better place 😌
amid sydney cafe siege , australians use social media to offer to accompany fearful muslims :
i love beautiful country and people.
a solution in search of a problem, as opposed to the actual actions of muslin terrorists
hostage situation is not over yet, and this is what they worry about ?
waiting for the story about muslim community reaching out to victims of terrorism.
amid siege, australians use social media to offer to accompany fearful muslims : ”
lovely. still good ppm in the world. bless u guys
amazing how quickly the mm tries to make islam the victim in this situation.
they should ban guns or make them hard to get in as. oh wait
the hashtag is taking off in support of muslims riding on sydney transport and it is beautiful :
great i am in !
is taking off in support of muslims riding on sydney transport +it is beautiful : ”
every australian should be very proud of their police force today .
a job well done to every police officer ! thank you for what you do !!!
i say it all the time :
i am surprisingly proud of the police today, not as bad as i thought they were tba ...
every should be very proud of their police force today. ”
if only we could say something similar about murdoch is sensationalist media.
good job stay safe and shoot straight.
why is today so special ?
every should be very proud of their police force today. hell yeah we are
sydney siege : australians use twitter to counter islamophobia -
overreacting just because never get terrorism
hostage situation ongoing in sydney business district . live : updates :
democrats and are an alliance of fools against america !
an enemy of my enemy is my friend “ - the democrats
the has now been going for six hours .
hopefully no one dies or gets hurt. people will seek retribution ' if that happens.
the has now been going for six hours. ”
the has now been going for six hours. ”
you should put a siege clock on you are website
someone is gonna need a bathroom break rt : the has now been going for six hours.
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
i think this should lead to big talks on immigration. enough imported trouble is enough !!!
prayer and belief in supernatural bullshit. that is the reason we are at this place
pray hostages will all be saved as for the isis savages they need to be killed
tell people the truth that it is a terrorism issue
morning ' concerned ' narendra modi tweeted about sydney siege . evening about his campaign . blast in manipur ,
everyone is crazy about pm is tweeted.
did not host any meetings/felicitations ... clarifies pro
if he does what would you and congress spokesperson do ?
wait he will mention it. he is human being not a machine
i hope our minister is not going to sydney for far vamps of the terrorists ...
so mode and pro has to react to situations as per some idiot is wishes ?
thats just ... who cares
sir mode and pro has to react to situations that concern some country (india) most.
too bad you can not take selfies of your character . 😐
look we would see the worst
its best. many will be fake anyway !
it is disgraceful even parents taking children with them while they take pics. 😕
those who took a very disrespectful act ! spare a thought for the hostages & amp ; loved ones
if you think about apparently you can
too bad you can not take series of your character. 😐 ”
why a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for selfies .
nice try at distraction but concentrate on the real event wankers
why are these smiling !!! siege amusing them ? pathetic !!!
one word comes to mind here ... prats.
it is pathetic idiotic jackasses !!
why a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for series.
surely we do not need an actual “ article “ to tell us this !
why would people do this ?! maybe it is like or something equally horrible ...
that is disgusting really does make you question humanity
it is if you are an idiot ?!
a gutless prick with a gun is trying to provoke the worst in us . instead , he is inspired
v tony hope you are too. j
probably more inspiring than about.
thriving thanks mate. my best to family
yes hope going well jet
congrats on your tweet !
congrats on your tweet !
hi we have gathered news on multiculturalism from various medias around the world :
a gutless prick no he is a muslim.
i wish you where kidnapped at instead of a friend of mine.
just really , really want this to be over . those poor people 😓
i hope it is just a threat.
it is it is so scary !
people are being held hostage at a linda store in sydney. terriosts attack ...
people are being held hostage in a supposed terrorist attack in martin place in sydney.
yeah hopefully that does not happen
people are being held captive in some cafe, that is all i heard
is coming ... and your follow would be a nice gift follow me ?
yea in there is apparently 15-40 people. i just hope the situation turns out alright
ugh i hope everything will be okay
there are people in martin place in sydney that are being held hostage right now
sorry it was 15 hostages
i never heard anything about bombs omg😥
what happened so out of it
it is so scary is not it 😔
we all so terrifying as its so close to home x
nsw police commissioner : suspect holding " undisclosed " number of hostages in sydney ; situation contained -
there still hostages then the situation ' is not contained.
this guy looks like the crypt keeper 😂
am not buying the isis flag thing !! am not that stupid to believe this nonsense
such powerful images of hostages escaping , those poor women . and the fear for those still trapped inside
do not post images of the police on scene !!!
just fyi , if you are using a hostage situation to justify your racism and islamophobia you are using the
if anyone is doing that to take advantage of the hostage situation then they deserve our condemnation
only if you are equating muslims with islamist. most people know the difference.
unfortunately this has made all people of islamic faith a target.
that is how i treat born again christians who are filled with so much hate.
see if you still believe that if they blow the cafe up mate
was created by air a terrorist organization
polls show of muslims support jihad .... let that sink in.
this is so right. innocent people are always that !
it was a pew research poll on all news channels.
should be the least of your worries. rather the welfare of the victims from this radical behavior.
oh fuck off. now is not the time.
they but i would rather they found him on their own soil.
it justifies the warnings about the rise of radical islamism in australia.
heartbreaking & amp ; beautiful story of how amazing muslim-support hashtag emerged , way to go sydney ! 🙌✊👌
offering free rides to muslims who shoot them in their asses .... no thanks
do not be happy
as la beys is savant raiment quit on est
ply lend hash tag 2afghanistan, terrorist attacked cultural arts center
heartbreaking amp ; beautiful story of how amazing muslim-support hash tag emerged 🙌✊👌
i am crying this is so beautiful mg 😭😭😭
us soccer has a new first couple : uswnt is sydney leroux & amp ; kc is dom dwyer (
yes do not narc me out here, jorge ...
what have you done for me lately, joy ?
alright i will let it slide this time ...
should not you be on holiday ? i am telling on you to your wife !
cards needs to be called in .... but as u, i am biased as a galaxy fan
a kid who could not make the grade at norwich city and became huge in america. .
working on us citizenship i see
poor word choice on my part. i am not doing rankings here.
i would take him for the scent ...
forgive but who do they succeed as first couple ?
too wall we will need a top 5 immediately. cancel your other plans.
i was not playing e-news watchdog. i know servant/alex but was blanking on any others.
the west is gonna be sick next year !
gunman takes hostages in sydney cafe , displays flag w/ arabic script :
now must make a video clip of australia security will she so ?
is schemer on apparent motive 4 as well : via
shut the fuck up !
gunman takes hostages in sydney cafe, displays flag w/ arabic script : ” wow
peaceful end to it please. “ : gunman takes hostages in sydney cafe, displays flag w/arabic script
we knew they were coming.
is the best thing to come out of the
is the best thing to come out of the ” australia
you would be surprised at what i know wee sky pixie man.
so please think before you speak.
go and stay in and iraq and see their real colors.
let is hope the hostages are the best thing to come out the
come back and told me iraqis are the nicest people they have ever met.
as has most religions. worshiping sky pixies and many of these problems will vanish.
always gotta be one whatever you want to believe and whatever floats your boat
rt is the best thing to come out of the ”
wait so because bombs go off in iraq and pakistan you think they are bad people ?
thanks but no seen enough to already have idea they have my sympathy but in used to freedom
until the hostages are released you mean ?
most are good caring genuine people - just like us aussies one does not define all
but what if their belief is killing innocents people !
at least 5 dead as gunman goes on rampage in pa , suspect reportedly barricaded in a home
.... what is new .... keep this news headline current just change the location daily.
here we go again. please america, say is ai not so
when we get morons out of congress
name but give me credit.
but innocent people are getting shot and killed across the country for nothing
this person kills 5 people and still had chance to barricade himself
when will they ban guns ?
5 dead as gunman goes on rampage in pa suspect reportedly barricaded in a home ”
good thing he is not “ islamic “ or we would have to get upset.
what is happening to the world 😔
i condemn people who hijack my religion . it will make australian muslim is lives harder . you hate terrorists
we need to speak out that this kind of acts suffer the muslims more
my i think i get your point.
yes it is an awesome place to live 👌
what has that got to do with anything ? you have lost me, mate !
and you know what happens to enemies of islam
cheers mate are you in canada ? i always adore your country 😊
they construe the meaning and extract out of context. and ppm are so gullible these days.
why would you ban a religion for “ not “ killing women or children
you do realize “ is the generally accepted term for a universal god right ? no ownership
i will read it and get back to you
we should not condemn on what the christens did in south africa
have you read the entire duran ? i have not so will not judge all by a few
if you kill a life unjustly it is as if you have killed the whole of humanity.
stay strong and know a few do not judge all by 1 man is actions
i think it is due to the fact that it is the dominant religion in a politically unsettled region
i believe that everybody has the right to defend themselves so the war passage do not offend me
cheers and have a goon night and stay safe world is crazy
which is fair probably they have never read it
i have been to and toronto. canadians are the kindest people on earth !!!!
read this and get some perspective
are there peace loving muslims ? yes, a thousand times yes !
i am sure innocent “ has a totally different meaning in islam. what do you think ?
unfortunately this is where twitter is at it is best and worst . please do not tweet about with police
social media until situation is resolved by police/trained authorities. too much speculation/rumors may jeopardize it.
be smart about what is being shared and disclosed -- puts more people in danger.
thinking of everyone in sydney . hope you all get home safe and sound xx
thanks. been pretty terrifying to
thank you so much for your thoughts x
oh gas. it is horrible 😔
i am so scared and i live in melbourne 😁😔😫
you kind heart ' ❤️
love you it is horrible here
so kind hope this ends soon
thanks nice of you to tweet that
isis beheadings , boko haram school attacks , the london beheading , canadian soldier shot in cold blood , sydney
indeed. so many isolated incidents. : let us not forget moore, ok.
colleen afford : let us not forget moore, ok. ”
. you forgot workplace violence.
more isolated incidents -- sgt ; rt : ft hood and boston make the list as well
it would be a pattern if recognizing patterns was not so raaaaaacist ...
it is almost as if there is a pattern ...
the pattern is to complex for lefties. lol
and literally 25 thousand or so other islam-related terrorist attacks since 9/11/01.
that ' ' must be easier to misunderstand than we think.
if only there were a common thread between all these incidents ...
ft hood and make the list as well
let us not forget ok.
these workplace violence incidents are getting out of hand.
i am fairly certain your pattern would be profiling ... use of common sense is frowned upon.
died in isolated incidents last month.
do not forget .... oh crud, sorry, that been workplace violence.
do not forget 1,600 women raped in england and not a peep.
isick ' people are actually taking selfies at the site of the
sick ' people are actually taking series at the site of the
3 times 3 guys. really. follow someone 4 real breaking news
they are the descendants of undesirables the uk sent there back in the day maybe that is why
sick ' people are actually taking series at the site of the ” 😶
not mindless of the effect of their actions
complete lack of empathy and solidarity ?
awful sick ' people are actually taking series at the site of the ”
and you just gave them more attention.
what tossers rt : sick ' ppm r taking series at the site of the ”
what is wrong with is this something to laugh about for the hostages and their families ?
rt people are taking sseriesat the site of the
i would not call them sick. just losers.
let them flourish rt sick ' people are actually taking series at the site of the
sick ' people are actually taking series at the site of the ”
what do you intend on doing to some guys who have taken a picture ?
the is over ! confirmed by sydney police on twitter ! thank god ! i hope everyone are and stays
news says 2 are dead and 3 or 4 are seriously injured
what twitter act dies the police in sydney has ? pls tell me ✨
because it seems that some people here need this clarification
i so sorry to hear that about your country.
because it seems that some people here need this clarification ” basically
you are so try again.
indeed. however extremists of any persuasion can create havoc disproportionate to their numbers.
its less a religious problem than one of education. extremists are born from poverty and illiteracy
power and that is why. its easy with that degree to convince uneducated men to follow
so be the teacher of your wrong students, and stop complaining about the rest of the world
with all due you seem to have forgotten a few more groups ....
because it seems that some people here need this clarification ”
the peaceful majority is irrelevant (i.e. they are not the problem)
huh i know its hard to express yourself in 140 characters, but ?
update : the australian grand mufti has strongly condemned the actions of the lone gunman in .
you have some problems with facts ? hate is not mine.
and you what a follower of jesus looks like ?
and no times were committed by followers of jesus. oh, wait a minute.
our prayers are with those who are held as hostage. this incident is so disturbing ...
if i was able to change anything trust me i would walk into the cafe with no fear.
you should better watch the world :
you deserve a little violence to the head. cockhead.
i believe you. bigots complain when not enough condemnation and still complain when there is.
you are creating violence with your ignorance and hate.
where are should be in martin place talking to this coward
so media is your reference ... you sound uneducated so ill let you be ...
go away annoying fat fly.
just makes me cry. especially seeing the hate come out.
i could find 206 parts with instruction to violence from believers against unbelievers.
gives bad on both sides a chance to hate !!!!
how do you know they are not ? i have heard at least an offer has been made.
attack i only like the truth. you know the duran ?
i say fuck off to you.
the true problem you can find in the difference of doctrine. in duran violence is inherent.
: american readers weigh in with their messages of support .
readers weigh in with their messages of support. ”
they would not be hostages in the first place. we have guns.
but it happens all the time in the movies !
bloodbath. but it would have been over in an instant
not all are gun-toting lunatics. title is offensive.
what complete and utter fuck wits mate.
the amount that defend themselves with a gun each year outlays murders
utterly depressing is not it ?
30,000 people a year kill themselves in japan ... without guns.
this is hand guns were extremely uncommon in uk and still are not common.
sadly some people really believe that.
ugh. rt readers weigh in with their messages of support.
you are offended let me fix that for you
what is the pop of sydney ?
is there any example of someone with concealed weapon stopping a shooting ? why quote those bozos ?
at least more a giving the thumbs down than thumbs up to those drooling shoot'n'gigglers.
i will read it shortly lunch is over
exactly. gun solve they just make things more bloody.
exactly. i tweeted a very similar thing earlier today.
even with possessing an you would not feel safe.
rt readers weigh in with their messages of support.
now is not the time for dude.
this is not about you. they are calling out shitty actions of some of your fellow countrymen.
they were daily mail readers so pretty much to be expected. 😕
actually that is incorrect. many suicides are impulsive and opportunity related, especially in men
too many illegally owned now for any more than limits on how many per person.
uncommon were talking about legality are we not ? banning them made no difference.
the gun thing in the usa is so fucked up. 😥
thanks offs : : american readers weigh in with their messages of support. ”
to show how effective “ the ban has been only shows that there are other factors involved
i found country but not by city
and that makes it better ?? not to mention the fact that having guns around may increase suicide rates
why would you bring a gun with you to a chocolate shop anyways ?!?!?!??!
covered here ' what john howard could teach us about gun control '
i love the tweets about the support the aussie muslims are getting. good on you all !
so is a quick resolution with many casualties preferable to a lengthy siege with no bloodshed ?
speechless. the stupidity.
any excuse to get all tingly about their guns.
us unintentional fatalities firearms 591 “ does not include the 10,000 plus deliberate shootings then ?
id be glad to provide more information and sources later after work ... lunch break is short
cos ' carrying guns has always prevented sieges and deaths in us has not it.
the idea that more guns results in fewer gun deaths is without any doubt an extraordinary claim.
or mass oh wait that already happens in america.
cos guns save lives. said no one ever
it always seems dumb and loud are synonymous.
hey the horrible hostage situation is not an opportunistic time to argue about your gun laws
the best tweet i have read so far.
as in daily fail no wonder ...
readers weigh in with their messages of support. ” wow.
apologies i could only find a screen spotted one off this ...
were the victims off this attack not daily citizens buying $4 coffee ?
not going to pursue this but suggest you consider : extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence
i do feel safe here in the us ....... i wonder if that is because of amendment
readers weigh in with their messages of support. ” & lt ; sigh
i have heard a few personal stories, but never a hostage situation, more personal attack.
people die every day. its apart from nature.
boom there you go. 2nd amendment !!
breaking : police says siege at cafe is over and hostages have been released .
i can not watch the video and i am australian and was born in sydney.,
the hostage taker is ship cleric and isis are sunni
breaking police says siege at cafe is over and hostages released. ”
are not i am a sunni and they have slaughtered thousands of us
breaking : gunman alleged to have taken hostages in identified as man haron monis , official tells cnn
he should hand himself to the police ...
gunman alleged to have taken hostages in identified as man aaron monks, official tells cnn ”
he put himself in an awkward position, he is vulnerable ... its too much now 16hours
how does the world battle terrorism when the very ideology behind it is exempt from criticism .
how do you feel about the tweet i am replying to now that we know about the gunman ?
they have very strong 90% of terror strikes are carried out by radical islamist.
so killing in the name of allah prescribed in the book is a mental illness. ok
wants to send you 1 safe passage (5,719 bits/$2. 00) collect
i suppose you felt the same way about criticizing christianity in response to abortion clinic bombings ?
gee how about newspapers ??
let is see an article then.
so do not be one then. you are an apologist for misplaced hatred.
i think we have to start asking ourselves why we are so fearful of criticism.
completely them ... the lord your god has commanded you. “
nowadays terrorism is synonymous with islam
they were localizes terror but islamic verses of duran is an ideological global terror nurturing tool.
that reply means and you know it. do better.
what do you people think the word “ apologist “ means ?
lasers ... we will battle it with lasers.
could you elaborate on that please ? your talk about 13th century crusaders was not entirely clear.
perhaps you forget that muslims and their suicide bombings of israeli civilians ?
no. please answer my question.
well i principally do not indulge apologists
what is your source for that 90% mate ?
are you having trouble understanding my question ?
murderous thieving sadistic settlers “ kill kids. may they meet their just desserts.
. it is like we are digging our own graves.
do it because of muhammad is teachings and example. so your comparison is nonsense.
perfect answer ... the terror ideology has one source mostly …
take your left liberal bullshit out of my tl. get lost now.
here is to the hostages getting safe passage on this day
did i mention guilty conscience ?
are you talking of bombing palestinian civilians with white phosphorus ?
do you believe that the word “ terrorism “ means “ islam “ ?
u are having trouble relating to reality ...
thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with muslims ..
till you have more episodes like this ! you will not survive to say
they never ride with those who are the victim of islamic terror
reality is godhead attack of burning women + children alive was islamic terror
remember express and incidents of recent history ????
is ... it is torture ! , , ...
where is the mass s against muslim terrorist groups ?
that is because they are ruled by psychopaths
mist rewrite our wish list
here it the backlash for our pathetic and racist foreign policies in the world. ...
i think on we should have tweeted ill shoot with kasey
stop yr amp ; stop playing victim
such rah the main.
you should be rotting away in with your of murderers ...
how very sad schools, institutions on lock down across amid
i can not stand these similar terror appeasers
do u know how homes were targeted - attacked girls raped to make them leave
then start w reform from within
or u to flaunt selective memory ?
is a peaceful religion ... and muslims are peaceful people ...
we need to change the minds at both ends
sorry twos got set to u by mistake - there was an idiot accusing us of hate
has brought all of us to a dark and dangerous place in world
right right now now what more war and death of ?
effect in so soon ?
... ... the the greed, the hate has led ...
now what your racist, dangerous policies in the middle east ...
you just but can not answer !
god help and protect the people held hostage in the cafe in
4 serious probe cases in your courts seriously, hand over hayed/dibrahim2india
abbott govt mp using ongoing terror to smear mp . resign now you disgusting turd
just adding final nails of incompetence courtesy of. check out polls.
i am wondering if was told what to say by beta credit and murdoch ?
i do not wonder if most people think is in idiot. he is made that very clear
. you can not delete tweets really. they exist forever.
tweet has since been deleted ... coward.
is there nothing you foul creeps will not politicize ? you are contemptible.
scum was blaming as well. vile creature
are you going to sack or force him to resign ?
fair question amp the child senator should own her stupidity
surely not even would say this maybe his account has been hacked such a horrible tweet
. idiots like will stoop to great depths for political expediency.
' you can not stop the signal may. . '
i think he has removed the tweet, pity about the photo, they never think of that.
he has deleted the tweet now
drown in a vat of boiling shit with your racist liberal party mates, .
like he is deleted that tweet, just a little late ...
if you thought jack was a little on the fringeandrew does not ever have a civil word for opponents
sydney hostage crisis : 5 people have escaped , islamic flag displayed . our live coverage :
this siege is very convenient for tony abbott
man monies is the evil man behind it all !
this photo. hostage crisis : 5 people have escaped, islamic flag displayed. ”
not learn to learn
hostage crisis : 5 people have escaped, islamic flag displayed. ” ☑️
: crowd gathers at police cordon in anticipation of news on hostage situation
ignored pleas to extradite hostage taker & gt ; & gt ;:
new information on hostage taker in sydney, australia & gt ; & gt ;:
its a lovely hot day in sydney these people need to go swimming
the land of criminal throw backs
well it is a live show
. pay a tax or be killed.
if you are wondering whether to go to work tomorrow here is a mp of the exclusion zone :
what amp have not covered
they have been allowed to go back in the building. also said sunrise will be on as usual
this is different to recent government issued exclusion zone which is macquarie to castlereagh its.
i repeat = & gt ; if you are in sydney , do not tweet or post news of what
tell news has removed geoblocking - live coverage of sydney hostage situation here -
police should shut off mobile coverage, internet around the site for this reason.
thought it was odd sky news made this woman there go into every small detail about evacuation etc
especially with a flag ...
one prays it is not so but yes, precisely
great advice. praying my ass off for these folks.
good luck with that. the media are reporting everything they are doing.
you would think this would go without having to be said ... sigh
its live on bet they are watching inside. shades of munich
remember if we allow freedom and lawful assembly the terrorists have won.
or watch the news stations are broadcasting information nationally
developing : major police operation underway at martin place in sydney is central business district , police tell news .
window of cafe 2doz hostages ? # ? terrorists ? real or malcontent sympathizers ?
word is it is a terrorist hostage situation involving isis
13 hostages in choc shop, 2 gunmen a/o 30 mind ago update
it is not an flag. identified as possibly cassava flag
there is been movement at the cafe , the gunman moving a hostage past the window , two more hostages
can not but feel and think of them. must be terrified x
so thankful for your updates at this hour.
that is disgusting.
not the time to joke around ...
their adrenaline would be keeping them awake
exactly. thoughts should be with them and only them.
such scary news to hear about the . hoping everyone gets out safely . what a terrible man .
an armed man has taken hostage an unknown number of customers and staff at the linda cafe in sydney
what is actually happened : 0
australians respond to with hashtag
the hash tag is more fitting for those leotards.
true not cannibalism type
author is hammers talks live - decoding language
others and as a counter to the terrorist supporters.
humanity at its best “ : australians respond to with ”
bloody bleeding hearts. get a grip !
respond to with hash tag ” kudos
bullshit. response my ass. we are sick of this islamist shit.
respond to with hash tag ”
did somebody forget to tell that radical islamist that guns are banned in australia ?!?! .
so if shooting him triggers the alleged explosives, 100s could die
just looking out. will go nuts
i work near there ... unfortunately we are not allowed to be armed at work
latest update in :
assuming what that he has bombs ? he said it why would you think otherwise
my tweet was not directed at you
i would not. but shooting someone over what he says is foolish. shooting them because ...
they are not banned in australia, they do have strict rules though.
the effect is the same : gun free zones everywhere.
saying something does not make it so. a visibly armed hostage taker is so.
well a number of people disagree. thanks for your opinion but i am not interested.
sorry how do you know he does not have explosives ?
or we can say let is talk to them and work this out ... everyone will be safe ....
did somebody forget to tell that radical islamist that guns are banned in australia ?!?! . ”
if that sad event happened another 15x the death toll from gun violence would be an average usa day
same here. glad i am armed !
would you put your hand up to shoot someone with rumored bombs ? what a hero
you make that up ?!? * scribbles note *
i stole it off of a bumper sticker i saw on a pickup truck
which is a really good thing.
terrorists always attack where there is a no gun zone !
... they are visibly armed and have taken hostages is not foolish. it is responsible.
terrorists have been holding hostages in sydney cafe in australia, ink if caught yet.
sigh ... i give up. and i am glad i live in america
the places where there is gun violence are all places where gun laws are strictest. always.
being 4 miles from those locations, i am glad i have my arms just in case.
for all intents amp ; purposes they are banned, the restrictions are so tight.
i will leave you with this : a) dead man switch) pump shotgun mutually exclusive.
keep telling yourself that as the jihads ' attacks increase.
you are so guns are not banned here
considering that lizards start from “ nuts “, it is a short trip
and they are dropping as firearms ownership - and carrying - are growing by leaps and bounds.
i realism that i compete & amp ; am a ssa member here
not disagreeing at all. just fundamentally not “ banned “.
aussie muslim mullah on brings up ' australia is foreign policy ' in discussion over . shame for indulging him
promoting the narrative. again.
hope these supporters try this nonsense in china ... they will be straight sent to haven
let us see what will discuss when such a situation happens in britain, which seems very likely.
it is time for the world to unite and destroy these devils ... enough is enough
whether is also terrorist sympathizer/supporter ?
media in all over d world r supporter of and terrorism, they r paid bastard journo is.
' is a foreign concept to the bbc, sadly.
always an excuse for muslims play victim and others ' foreign policy their excuse for terror.
this is not the first time nor the last for to divert attention
i guess when police told the media not to name the gunman they actually meant " please put his name
i need to find a cafe !
rt nine news says senior police gave them the go-ahead to name suspect in
is not the 1st language of the mm it is cannibalism.
reporting it is still in place
they decided it was ok now.
posted this already mate
i believe police have given the go ahead and that is why he is been named.
media did well to hold out 6 hours ... low
i right what the hell ?
no need to be sorry mate !
it is all about selling news, no matter the potential cost to lives
posted an update. interesting move by police
just in : u.s. consulate near the scene in sydney has accounted for all of its personnel :
so it seems as always. ugh. guess victims only count if they are american.
politicians are always so much more important than the victims
thank i had been sick w worry ...
bring mosque imam or any islamic community leader to talk to them
this is good peace and love to all happened to that ?
thanks so much for sharing. just added it to my
is the purpose of this headline to assure americans that they can stop paying attention now ?
prayers to the victims and their families. 🙇
that is all that matters really i guess ?! wow. insular.
live : police operation underway at sydney is ; train station also shut
bridge shut down for inbound traffic
do not show of police movement here while this operation is going on. please !
live police operation underway at sydney is ; train station also shut ”
media should stop posting up photos to protect police ops underway. you are revealing their positions.
live police operation underway at ssydneyis ”
do not show the position of the police when an operation is going on
this morning jihadists were all excited with , now they call the hostage taker a " dirty iranian " since
reports coming in he was killed
is evil. does not matter the branch. it is evil.
he converted to last december. regardless, he was obviously mentally unwell
he is not a ship. he disowned being one publicly having embraced the other sect.
nuts. u r nuts. evil islam is evil.
reports said he had converted to sunni islam ? not sure of the difference
and when they realism he renounced shi'ism, they will flip again.
last heard he was demanding an isis flag.
hope his death was painful. he deserves nothing less
no more chances for the dude. he is dead.
australians rally against islamophobia
v have a lot to learn from australians !
my sympathy for the death of two innocent people and their families in the name of allah.
well stop the crazy ones within your religion of peace ! or are there too many crazy ones ?
oz citizens becoming guide dogs now, servitude to a lesser breed.
am i the only one that thinks the message in the photo blames me for islamic terror attacks.
rally against islamophobia
why does a religious keep women covered up
thank you for looking out, my family
regarding good ppm “ 👌
rt rally against islamophobia
unless you work in an exclusion zone , please go about tomorrow as you normally would . exclusion zones can
i will not wear out the point.
how do you know that ? and if it is true why does it extend the duration ?
go with time on negotiation ...
there is no usual. what usual is there ? what inability ? what would you do ?
sieges are not uncommon and they are usually resolved within a few hours. .
the planning of a massive exclusion zone 4 tomorrow with no mention of an end is causing me problems
have you seen the flag ? you understand what they stand for ?
there should be a media block on this. stop the publicity regardless of outcome.
what his intentions are. is anything like that confirmed ?
auto correct. should say do you fly anywhere ...
how many lives would you sacrifice ?
the expectation that there is at least another 12 hrs to go seems a little extreme to me.
well they seem to have some timetable happening bc they are telling people not to go to work tomorrow
how do i know what ?
watch : escaped hostages are helping police create ' peaceful outcome ' for
please let there be a peaceful outcome
escaped hostages are helping police create ' peaceful outcome ' for ”
worry about a peaceful solution just kill hostage takers. shoot them down like the dogs they r
mother gets heartbreaking text from son : ‘ amum , i am in the cafe . i am ok ,
just cannot imagine how that mum feels. fora quick and peaceful end to
i pray this ends without violence.
how awful. praying they all ok
australia is reaction to the is magnificent .
is reaction to the is magnificent. ”
is mike schemer on apparent motivation for as well :
is reaction to the is magnificent. ” wow !
religious attire like priests ? oh now that is right we hate them as a group
opposite of the point of view ....
is reaction to the is magnificent. ” ❤️❤️
so are and what is your point ?
rt reaction to the is magnificent ...
is reaction to the is magnificent. ” love
well its clear which way australia is going. more sympathy for terrorists than their victims.
tour. any reason for your question ?
amazing is reaction to the is magnificent ”
in the past 2 hours there have been more than 40,000 mentions of
this is totally ridiculous n created by pc, unfortunately ppm does not understand this
their compassion will cost more innocents lives
too hope ppm wake up b4 too late,
they are pretending it has nothing to do with islam
we are headed down the uk path, we r not heeding the warming
rt in the past 2 hours there have been more than 40,000 mentions of
well we have had our jihad attack, people still asleep
it was that started the hash tag-
we do not need safety we people to wake up to creeping jihad in the west
mt past 2 hours there more than 40,000 mentions of ”
are you able to find out who started the # i want to give them a high 5
thank you for the awesome graph show the good in the world
a shootout to the magnificent for starting the hash tag and hence the movement !!
their compassion clouds their sense of judgment
in past 2 hrs more than 40,000 mentions
news corp seems to be having an internal conflict over whether we " changed forever " today or not .
if we changed forever by being rid of the tell we would have a positive outcome.
the media race to be profound.
and we all thought climate change was the biggest contributor to cognitive dissonance !
all over the press as they try to slam their bigotry into reverse.
it is hilarious morons are just beside themselves trying to milk this for all it is worth
no whatever it takes to sell papers. that is all.
what else would you expect from the daily telebogan
sadly , this needs to be pointed out with the amount of islamophobia that is currently being posted . ”
to be more you should include the dozens of other extremist groups that number in the millions
what percentage of sympathies with extremists ? not a small minority !
though it is a shame it needs to be
defend political you do realize it is political islam that hurts muslims the most right ?
glad to hear the is over , but saddened that it even happened to begin with . my heart goes
i love you so much andrea thank you for noticing how horrible this the is 😞
then there is these two terror lovers : rt : “ : now : (cont)
you have such a beautiful heart m
please follow meet it is my huge dream
waiting for the ' follows you ' sign to come beside your name *
so much love for you
is coming ... and your follow would be a nice gift follow me ??
thank you & lt
a muslim , a jew & amp ; a christian walk into a bar . except it is an interfaith
i duly note your duly noted. duly. & gt ; & lt ;
what do you make of all this ? curious.
interfaith leaders will have also spoken about perspective. they have before, and will again.
and bigotry is not derived from religion (love thy neighbor) but weak brainwashed minds via cults
our challenges arise from many sources. as do solutions.
i do not see any booze tho
no. better beware the predetermined nonthinking ' of ideologues.
because it is violence sandra.
these staged pictures may look promising but in fact do absolutely nothing to address basic problem.
well done you come across as neither dumb nor smug in this exchange. thanks for sharing
yes but you have not addressed my challenge to thinking.
and myself made of sterner stuff.
tell that ' all things pass ' - to those hostages today.
yes. 1 gunman. with i imagine muslim officers among res ponders. thus perspective.
sadness. but was also in britain during ira offensives. all things pass.
and your distaste for interfaith unity is duly noted.
excellent. beware the peril of the short form.
your challenge is a challenge to your own thinking yet you fail to see it.
you seriously think i doubt their sincerity ? i applaud their service & amp ; cause.
. you can think of a quote that specifies that ? i am all ears.
a bar or a cafe ?
incorrect. religious leaders gathered to denounce actual violence against actual victims. not imagined bigotry
they also spoke about unless i misread reports. do you doubt their sincerity ?
sydney residents urged : " go about your normal business "
very good the more we put him in the spotlight, the more he will demand.
nm bloody sends electric waves to girls for physical relationships despite having own wife, extreme characterless
yes nothing to see here. are you kidding me ? their neighbors are taken hostage.
hostage-taker appeared ' extremely agitated , ' said journalist at scene of sydney siege :
in there doing his little “ we want dead cops “ chants n stuff.
this is torture what these animals are doing there can not be law for them period.
update : jihadist in standoff identified as iranian sex assault , murder suspect :
just to think if only the citizens where armed that would have been stopped
jihads in standoff identified as iranian sex assault, murder suspect : ”
so i am can someone tell me, is this a “ good muslim “ ?
hypocritical sex deprived pervert vermin !
but wants diplomacy with them. would not that be great ?
prayers to those who are held hostage . family & amp ; friends ! 💛❤️💚
there seems to b fowl play. this fm ac of marcia michael does show this update.
great movement. only the light can remove the darkness, can not throw darkness away by force.
sane world sympathies amp ; wants hostages safety- but what prayer will do ? nonsensical religious reflex
i will. sorry about that
all our prayers are with them
narendra modi tweets about sydney siege ! not a word about manipur blast ! if only manipur was not in
no nearer elections in that is why may be ☺
more if he was not responsible for it, he would tweet !
how many of us can even name the seven sister states ?
does not tweet on rapes. with mp having the highest rape, would b embarrassing.
did propose any mining investment for his sponsors ? kya thai ! 😉
is an insult to the international leader.
a pm sold come to know at blast through news ??
while one person is dead in jaipur
there is no elections in jaipur ... how can we expect this from our power hungry pm
no election in now.
amp to all those, here is picture of any similarities ?
perhaps waiting for pm or japanese pm to tweet on.
that too in rt mode perhaps waiting for australian pm or japanese pm to tweet on.
rt : every australian should be very proud of their police force today .
not only but also the world
the just entered its 14th hour . love & amp ; prayers to the hostages and their families . stay
it is still poor people
you really are a great reporter and a great representative for our country !!
thank you for being so calm. your reporting is incredible. thank you.
why are the videos from hostages not being reported ?????
you have been doing an amazing job, mel. hope someone is looking after you !
you have been awesome today thank you ! ggreatwork. 💜
look up on mel. video of hostages are up
doing an amazing job sending you a big hug x
you know you have the best coverage when mel is screen she knows her stuff
for showing support to the hostages, this is what will keep them alive
for staying on the air mel ! it is good to see a familiar face covering it all
yes for sure. you take care too !
canadians praying for a fast and peaceful outcome
and dead terrorists. canadians praying for a fast and peaceful outcome ”
praying for a fast and peaceful outcome ” = ^. ^ =
but were not afraid of this loser ot losers. take care
praying for a fast and peaceful outcome ”
i am confused . did nothing or everything change ? do not mess with me news corp ! i need
not righteous. disgusting headlines followed by murdoch boast.
much stronger than stupid sensations murdoch headlines.
ironically it seems everything did change - for the better
i suspect they were not thinking of the change that is being wrought in australia by about now !
i think shirt fronting other countries resulted in us being terror targets.
obfuscated ... quite normal for mm to do that to people ...
cognitive dissonance news corp + abbott govt
everything did change for the better explicitly yes. but skeptical ...
yes biased trying to cast itself as righteous. aussies displaying true humanity !
news corp is known for its conflicted messages about everything. do not bother.
my hometown , , just showed the world how to face terrorism and fear . i am moved to tears
that is a lovely tweet 😊
absolutely love this city !
sending you too
that is what it is all about
update : gunman identified as local resident man monis , has police records
“ aaron suspected as the gunman in sydney cafe. wars on australia.
seriously this guy someone just can not call him a name and make him cry ?
is he or ?
that is not clear yet. it is known however that he just converted this month ...
police records murderers often do who killed reba karate morrison where is your record ?
nothing but antisemitic jihad supporting cunts
shoot the bastard in the balls and send him back to where he came from.
you only convert to become radical sunnis. shiite, apparently more pragmatic, do not endorse jihad.
with flag does not make any sense
gunman identified as local resident man monks, has police records ”
yep. probably a mos sad agent
why the hashtag ? there are a few places in the world that are actually under siege . sydney is
this event is a mini-siege
first mover advantage. first catchy tag line wins.
also thinks the children massacre was a day in the park.
totally true but it is not a cool alliteration that suggests a siege by islamic militants
i know and but was simply explaining
do not take this away from
you r such a it is really unbelievable.
for it is also this :
thank you for that technical point. using hash tag to keep updated re this issue.
it just means there is a siege in sydney mate, no big deal, really.
thank you for your definition cos my attention to such details have gone out of the window ~
it is such an unlikely place to be under siege ... esp in a chocolate
com it is such an unlikely place to be under siege ... esp in a chocolate ”
... for the same damn thing.
" no contact with armed offender at this stage " :
no contact with armed offender at this stage “ : ”
hopefully the first contact with the armed offender is a sniper is bullet !
rt no contact with armed offender at this stage “ :
rt no contact with armed offender at this stage “
surprising no contact with armed offender at this stage “ :
no contact necessary other than a sniper is bullet.
no contact with armed offender at this stage “ :
deeply unsettling “ no contact with armed offender at this stage “ : “
is alienating all over the world.
no contact with armed offender at this stage “ :
true. rt no contact necessary other than a sniper is bullet. ”
armed offender you mean muslim terrorist.
no contact with armed offender at this stage “ : ”
rt no contact with armed offender at this stage “ : ”
: hashtag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege
i hope so. it would be nice2 see closed religious communities integrating more with society as a whole
no one should be fearful of anything, least of all asking questions, in a free country.
hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege ” incrível
hash tag offers solidarity with sydney muslims after cafe siege ”
hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege ” anytime
. be construed as their approbation of acts of violence by muslim extremists.
it and they will come round to it, maybe slower than everyone else.
their silence ultimately hurts their public perception unfortunately & amp ; race relations in australia are strained.
is should also offer solidarity to those in the cafe : tolerance is a two-way street.
... understanding towards them and went half the way to accept them. as you say
i would call that tolerance and support
nm bloody sends electric waves to girls for physical relationships despite having own wife, extreme characterless
what we know about suspected hostage taker in sydney
all you need to know he was muslim. period.
it nice to be cursed at by jesus, i am sure you are an excellent christian
you are i could not create a joke account as funny
this fucking son of a ... die in hell
is it turns out the hostage taker and two hostages were killed, does that make jesus happy ?
what we know about suspected hostage taker in sydney nice enough eh ?
all that gun fire and that goatfecker is still alive ? liberals.
the icon is more ironic than iconic in your case
i guess he missed all that stuff about islam being peaceful.
what we know about suspected hostage taker in sydney ”
just laugh your stupidity off, ha, ha, ha !
follow all of the latest updates on on our blog
holy crap it is the making of the new max movie
in the contest for ratings they would unfortunately be the only channel not broadcasting pictures
we knew workers have you guys in our thoughts and prayers.
i think you guys need to stop. swap to court sketch artist for images.
news photos and updates on sky news
follow all the latest updates on our blog ”
cafés around the area letting us charge phones and handing out water . this is the best side of sydney
i am a reporter. without my phone i am useless.
an actual holy luce. more patience than i
as opposed to who is allegedly charging users a minimum of $100 around the sydney area.
that is amazing. truly amazing.
is that a joke ?
hi i have sent you an email to sort ! thank you
what do not these people know anything about automated surge pricing they could be making a fortune rn
. i will send my number.
people are being held hostage by muslims and you are worried about your phone ? are you serious ?
ever heard of a notebook and pencil ?
: australians show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege
show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege ”
show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege
i am so proud of my fellow aussies. we are not all fascist bastards.
thank you cc show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege real
show solidarity w muslims amid sydney siege ” incredible
rt show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege
show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege ”
i did not. the weird thing is nobody else is confessing either.
humanity triumphs. rt show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege
yea they are just ask tony abbot the guy you voted as pm
bullshit we do want them out of their land all of them !
rt show solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege
actual almost tears mt : : australians show solidarity with muslims ”
your bag sticker good idea ! 👍
police are requesting that no photos are shared on social media
yet the media can broadcast it, ok.
police are requesting that no photos are shared on social media ” please
yeah we know but media itself and others should stop broadcasting live what police are doing !!
do not use the martin place hash tag. will goon squad advise to block it ?
they mean you and your kind sheila
if you are following the situation in sydney , i beg that you read this article . skim it ,
i have had the news on and i have a friend on the ground there
well if you have a perspective on it why do not you share it ?
my point is out of everyone that has posted to this you have been the only cunt here
... not be linked to isis. even major media are jumping to conclusions
it is on almost every tv channel in australia
that was going to be my comment on this one ... some blatant sensationalism in the mainstream media ...
fantastic and then i read the comments ...
thanks as usual is only reporting facts. other channels full of speculation
saying every muslim is a terrorist is like saying every christian is a member of the klu klux klan .
i am just pointing out the fact that sometimes religion can cause people to do horrible things.
you are doing nothing but spreading hate go get a cup of tea and take a break
obviously because anybody who chooses to kill is going against their religion no matter what they think.
but can we move very on to something happier
but can we move very on to something happier ” please
fucking we get it
and there are also black muslims in africa slaughtering christians.
they are not terrorists because of their religion.
can you shut the fuck up
so guys was sup who is going to the 1989 concert
can you all and just talk about something positive thanks bye
anything taken out of context can be used for any reason. goodnight.
there are also members of the kkk who exercise extreme brutality and here is an example.
yes you are. denying it is not going to help.
both of your sides to the fact that i honestly do not understand what is being said+
maybe you did not catch the hint in my earlier tweets. stop. talking.
reports : alleged sydney hostage taker was charged as accessory to ex-wife is murder
hi my lady visit my country usa and seeding believe the media
but people still believe that we are all bad !! and terrorist ! although fcc are fighting them
rot in hell you evil bugger.
then it is possible this was not a terrorist plot but some supposed murderer that went bongo.
its like saying that all white christians are exactly same as kkk
yes you make peace with zionist but will never make peace with followers of ahlulbayt.
may knowledge expose the you call n help. silly goat fuckers
wife is murder. this guy not in jail ? 👮
reports alleged sydney hostage taker was charged as accessory to ex-wife is murder
do not make me to regret what he said about the ships.
yeah tell that to your khomeini then
sorry to bother but first being an arab does not mean being a muslim
so what is the difference with you and isis ? both have the same ideology of taker.
what about those in call themselves sunnis and kill people
amp second generalizing all arabs with some fanatics that are completely stupid
you who understand should cover up honey, it is cold outside.
watch ham is founder is son says about islam in youtube
how shocking. i never would have guessed. another dead under
govt should end in night by sending some kind of gatsby a/c ducts to sedate terrorist unconscious.
associate themselves with the shi'a branch of islam
thanks for your tweet hence i can explain who are those people !
here is a picture of a muslim imam (like father in church)
if we say 1 million times you will still say air .... just like isis
no need to be polite around a deluded goat fucker. the internet is not for you.
the ball is in our court. everyone is concerned.
he is like the stereotypical terrorist low
do not see them as god either, we pray to mecca and say sahara.
i think you should let your people differentiate and educate them that the terrorist is iranian ship not muslim
the biggest snake one day will eat your country
may god help any innocent in this world.
i believe in but i do not take them as gods as you do
channel 9 now showing footage of 9/11 . you have gotta gotta gotta be kidding me .
will always let us down, but humanity rises above. check out
people need to get over 9/11 it was 14 years ago
yea we will not will fail spreading hate.
how stupid do they think we are ???
. you must be a teacher
yeah and why the fuck not. we should never forget.
here comes the storm of hysteria.
was not a conspiracy ?
wow just another dumb cunt with a theory eat a dick go hang ur self
what is the difference between 9/11 and a cow ? you can only milk a cow for so long
and that is why i refuse to watch ch 9 and have only been watching abc
they were running out of coverage ideas apparently ! had to dig deep into their bag of tricks !
jerks will not win. we will not let them.
police have asked us , and others , not to broadcast demands from the gunman . we will comply .
be interesting how respected this is by media who operate a variable ' public right to know ' policy
could be staged to as u know putting fear unto ppm you can control them
. more and more this is looking like some poor buggers cry for attention
apparently reason is back in ch7 building tweeting everything he sees. go figure.
every other outlet kept it quiet. 10 were the only ones stupid enough to broadcast it.
come on ... why then show we watch. you have not told us anything different in 6 hours
so you had to be asked personally ? shame on you.
that is unless you are at the beach.
while 7. 30 are milking this like a story
because they did not say it earlier.
. that would be a change for the
why do you keep broadcasting pics of police locations & amp ; numbers ?
we sit in the reality of grief , shock and unknowing . for this moment that is enough .
mate you gel with us atheists maybe there is hope for humanity
just heard about the wretched events going on in sydney .. seeing this hurts because there is just nothing you
workers and customers are being held hostage in a linda cafe, been in there for 14 hours
literally what is the world we live in, this is scary
i love you more than pizza
a held hostage by a terrorist in sydney for like 20 hours
praying for you for cracking your screen
love you  ❤️ 
australians unites against with following
rt unite against with following
please do not confuse with whatever straw islam you seem to think exists
keep your bigotry to yourself. do not judge everyone else by your own standards.
yet you single out hogans. is not racism by anyone abhorrent ? i think so.
unites against with following ”
who are the victims and what backlash are u referring to ?
rt unite against with following
do not see you doing that
surely you can not be serious
rt unite against racism with during
please do not confuse a totalitarian ideology bent on conquest and oppression with “ race “.
now you are just confirming your ignorance as well as your bigotry.
so you are just trying to be offensive. i see. get fucked
i am not the one confusing it ... it is the thousands of wannabes
i am intolerant of intolerance.
support the deaf community amp ; ask provide interpreters 4 brief
should not you be rallying against terror ???
ban the faith. let is not pussy foot around this evil.
is that all you have got ? get off my tl pussy
racism has the terrorists race been released then ?
so he is is he ? your source ? i am an avowed terroristophobe. and you ?
we we also rally against racism.
people call antisemitic why not islamophobes
if islam is a religion of peace why are not their extremist extremely peaceful ?
every such incident only establishes the fact that islam is not a religion
because every religion has people who misunderstand their religion.
because religion and peace are mutually exclusive concepts
which religions extremists are peaceful ?
i honestly love the fact that there are americans and ppm like u i am general.
do you judge by the km flux klein ?
you would have to be psychotic to begin with to believe there is an invisible man in the sky
you mean like the gangs in africa killing muslims & amp ; inquisition ?
is a religion of peace like chocolate cake is healthy because it has eggs in it
the problem is that then the kkk is a good representative of christianity but not of all christians
does it matter anymore bullshit is bullshit, somebody will justify violence somehow. sad but true.
dozens of emergency vehicles waiting on elizabeth st. let is hope none need to be used ()
do not post photos from the scene !!!
lord have mercy. sick world
. an awesome country just love aussie !! lets all be positive !!!
except for terrorists dozens emergency vehicles waiting on elizabeth st. let is hope none nd b used “
dozens of emergency vehicles on elizabeth stet is hope none need 2b used
watching watching cover getting a lot more info than what news stat in australia are broadcasting!!!'
what a waste of tax payers money no doubt this radicalized muslim will be free and no questions asked
video : hostages flee from sydney cafe :
rt video hostages flee from sydney cafe :
scary video hostages flee from sydney cafe : ”
video hostages flee from sydney cafe : ” oh my god 😨
opposition parties describe detentions as ‘ civilian coup ’
if they were in or they would have got shot by
a map of the location at martin place in sydney is cbd , and some of the surrounding prominent buildings
when he gets the 3 pm chocolate craving he may lapse into sugar overload coma.
a map of the location at martin place ” notice the remarkable proximity to channel 7
prayers for everyone and stay safe oak
map location in is cd, and surrounding prominent buildings
because there is only one hostage taker, he will need to sleep, eventually.
i pine for of the 50 is and 60 is.
also pretty sure has not been in that position since they moved to darling quarter in 2011.
rt a map of the location at martin place in sydney is cd
excuse me morning herald your maps wrong george street should be pitt
your map labels st as george st.
rt rt rt : because it seems that some people here need this clarification
no it does not. some muslims just need education.
reformation is else what you will get is isis and you can not argue with such people
. i did back up my claims, unlike you. your duran unequivocally commands you to kill.
for examples has violent verses but most do not take them seriously or in context
hell a extremist just opened fire on a bunch of buildings in austin, tx last week
may peace be upon you.
there are nut cases in any religion, and they should conform to today civil society values
sometimes from a normal family a terrorist can happen. just saying.
just do not suggest that normal muslims have anything to do w the idiots who hurt people.
pure spin. are all these islamic countries wrong & amp ; you are right ?
obtaining the truth from these sorts of governments is like obtaining the truth from you.
they stopped because the government stopped them. go look at the goats of countries w radicals
and the statistics on how many countries actually execute people for those crimes ? saudi and iran
not a single ounce which duran are you reading ?
by that why does the kkk and neo-nazis exist ? must be white sympathy.
if you can not back up your claims, then stop making them
and why do not try to stop the kkk ?
what scholars are you talking about ? the mainstream ones teach peace and peace only
that is false analogy. many religions have violent verses, the key is how seriously ppm take them
adding to they do not represent a single ounce of what our religion is all about.
keep telling yourself that while us christian missionaries push “ kill the gays “ bills overseas
we have many types of idiot extremists here in the states.
i do not think you made the point you think you did
waiting for the 157 million to do something. their silence is deafening
go and do your research. i could post an endless list of famous religious hate preachers
people after all are free to believe what they want to believe. the problem is the actions.
the problem is the ideology which does have basis in islamic jurisprudence. islam needs reformation.
i read with contextual explanation, - … :
they exist. but they are not mainstream and mosques do not preach hate
you are completely unaware of the magnitude of the problem in the muslim world then.
i think your terrorist mate in sydney did not get the peace & amp ; love memo.
the and are based in white supremacy. white supremacy needs reformation.
do not hate just want my family safe like you do too !
if you are not aware of the situation, that is part of the problem
the no longer lynches people because christians stopped them. why do not muslims stop terrorists ?
not mentioned are book harm, isis & amp ; many others.
the potential is there given the hate scholars who are everywhere and are using social media.
the key thing is that religious beliefs should be kept private. taking them out is the problem
i do not think you made the point you think you did.
“ very surreal ” scenes as sydney is cbd becomes a ghost town in the wake of the
is mike schemer on apparent motive for as well
more promotional programming from your bosses.
freedom to peaceful protester let him kill hostages please. abbott-looser has to be punished
now u know what people r going through. no more supporting arabs
oh come w the hash tag
i think you need to wrap you are lips around a revolver !
send in a tax team n take them out
hope everyone gets out of this safely
prayers for the hostages and their families ... world should stop supporting
there is a world beyond the borders of the usa it is not all about you.
3 men have arrived at queens square to pray for the safe release of the hostages in martin place ,
we all want the same thing, a peaceful end to this siege
beautiful the whole nation is praying with them
these 3 and the majority of muslims do
not sure that is true. christians more likely do but do all muslims and their leaders ?
even those without religion will be praying tonight.
what a ridiculous pr stunts from the media to ensure that anti muslim sentiment is controlled.
what a load of bull ?
watch : conference about
come on kick that terrorist ass !!!
the demands of the hostage taker right here
rt watch conference about
police disarmed the populace in the full knowledge that such events would happen. collectivist scum.
this is nothing that a bunch of panicked, poorly-trained civilians with guns can not fix
watch conference about ”
i think tony should accept his all demands because it is the matter of fifty people lives
you are getting what you richly deserve. collectivism will be your downfall.
you mean a safer society ? yeah. the horror.
my moral support to new police chief(annam sin ha)corporate human resource adviser & amp ; trainer+919711537496india
what you think about that ply reply
am liking their stance. give nothing to the press that will jeopardize the hostages and families privacy.
a cheap and the cheapest worker using such a tool at ever !
dear media , you might want to know that imphal has more indians than sydney and there has been a
sad to see the issue being sidelined.
did it have 2 south indian techies ?
today is whole parliamentary proceedings has been halted because of misreporting of to reporter even after min clarify opp
eh please be so kind as to tweet more info/link
was there anything is, al ada etc. to be reported ?
what offal who offal ? kahan hie yes !!
media is based on top not based on houses are running business. govt has to regulate this
also for info to offal is nearer than sydney, and part of india too !
why do not u go s citizen journalist
is desk man yes to tattoo media ko
let peace restore every corner of this planet earth.
please , please , please read these tips for major news stories , especially when lives are at stake .
can someone print this out and staple it to ray freaking ' harley is forehead ?
did you forget to take your haloperidol, sweetie ?
a necessary reminder for sure - thank you !
shes a bit more reticent bout attacking disaster vice - does not want relatives meeting her in url
beware reflexive some of this is on you. “ take your own advice !
check the study that the news story cites, at least read the abstract and methodology “
in a media often get it wrong at first. see these tips. cc via
one more rule do not post photos for screen shots that could give police positions away
cynical as hope she leads the waving rabble in their online & amp ; reacts in url
closer is a non credible news source.
beware reflexive ring of non credible news sources. critically think of what is accurately going on.
watch : the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe
crazy footage watch : the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe ”
... watch : the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe ”
pizza delivery that was fast. lemme just unlock the. hey !! “”
there is shit like this happening all over the place right now.
knock it is the health department ... “
watch the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe ” fucking intense
it is favorite. walk up to yo house “
watch the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe ”
i forgot. what song is that from, mark ?
watch the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe
crap. first few shots were just from the coward inside, seemed like.
watch the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe ”
watch the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe ” holy shit
watch the dramatic moment tactical teams stormed the sydney cafe ”
odds are if your hating on b/c of you were already bigoted douchebag . now just add " opportunistic "
that did make me but its very true sadly
have to say how much i love your humanity on. you are truly a decent person.
exceptions for those willing to renounce islam
you are now infringing on our liberties - mr attorney general says we have the right to be bigots
i love reading the tweets from australians in response to anti-muslim hatred in the midst of . lovely humanity .
this is heartwarming i love reading the tweets from australians in response to anti-muslim hatred.
is not humanity but its jihad propaganda to save their brethren while they continue 2 kill pairs
i it is kept me from feeling completely fed up. those people are awesome.
more : police say hostage situation in sydney is over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm downtown cafe
prayers for those today. prayers for the muslim world to convert to christianity.
saying and peace in the same sentence. how cute. you should read about world history
mt police say hostage situation in over after a swarm of heavily armed police storm cafe :
please do not post /share tactical information/police movements on social media !
i know right how stupid can people be ?
it is sad people have to even tweet this it really is
i have just seen dundee enters the building holding what looked to be a big fuck off knife
they will not say ' lets do this, tweet me when you are ready ' low
rt for the 11-hrs-old rt)
i hope you are safe and away from danger ! scary situation.
a radio station i was just listening to is being pretty irresponsible too.
to all of those who are not australian , please be thinking of the hostages in sydney tonight , just
do you live in ?
wait i just woke up what happened
what happened i just woke up, i do not know about anything
what happened i am confused too
could you tell me what happened ?
i hope everyone is everyone here in australia is freaking the fuck outfit is scaring me
there is anger after people start taking selfies outside the cafe .
do not name and shame them, that is what they want, pay them no mind !
dick mt anger over people taking series outside the cafe.
let’s hope for a safe and peaceful resolution.
was it an unfortunate marketing campaign of the car producer ?
yeah ... that will help to increase the respect for police after those cases in usa ...
do not make it a witch-hunt just watch and face palm on human stupidity
and rightly it highlights the shift in people’s attitude and the dubbing down in society
already replied to almost exactly same tweet.
there is anger after people take series outside cafe ” what the ...
they wanted their faces out there ! entitlement ? no. . . deserved.
what is taking so long to identify the hostage-takers ?
stupidity amp the desire to be famous outweighs morals/responsibility/respect, social media helps perpetuate desires !
there is anger after people start taking series outside the
why are you tweeting their series then if it is so offensive ?
that is more like it.
btw , how come no " professionally " secular voice has blamed rss for the sydney terror plot so far
... few he mara hie thai ...
i hit on both sides thai. you missed the previous one.
the reporting of the incident was gross misrepresentation by the “ secular media “
i do not even find that worth a laugh. just pity them.
yeah. few parts left to be not hurting, so face palm with caution
sir leave it will never understand. i have stopped mentioning you in my conversation with
i have had just too much of personal experience on this front. just way too much.
dont you dare blame zayn for whatever is happening is sydney . noterrorist ' is not just a word you
why would people blame zany that is the most stupid shit to do
it is fucking sickening. zayn should not be thrown into something like that
people who are blaming him should just shut the fuck up bc they are talking bullshit dammit
people should just leave him alone if they got nothing nice to say about him
: how australians are responding to the
. meanwhile the aboriginal community ?
how are responding to the ”
respect. how australians are responding to the ”
rt how are responding to the
rt how australians are responding to the ”
fine example of humanity in action. reject the stereotypes.
for all those in will ride with you via
how are responding to the ”
seriously where does come in between ? idiot
incredible how australians are responding to the ”
taste the block terrorist supporter - sgt ;
link to offer and request help
they did confirm the siege is over too
not stupid they will not fall for this racial stir up.
i just pray for a peaceful safe resolution for all involved in sydney tonight .
the world is praying with you. 🙏
hope everyone will be okay
thoughts are with today 💙
more than 40 australian muslim groups have jointly condemned the
wish they would do the same in uk when islamist attack/take hostages/behead/kill/rape, generally silence from the muslims.
you need to blame the minority and their twisted interpretation.
i i know but few and far between.
groups lie like this after attackskoran teaches lying 2 non-muslim
elephants have two sorts of teeth
ironic that majority victims of these terrorists r actually muslims i.e. iraq. check mob
define ' jihad ' though ? again, it is down to interpretation.
and how many groups condemned the synagogue massacre in jerusalem ? double standards for jews ?
not sure i follow you ?
and their holy book “ still disagrees
i see and agree ...
central sydney is in lockdown amid a developing hostage crisis
central is in lock down amid a developing hostage crisis ”
central is in lock down amid a developing hostage crisis ”
central in lblockddown amida developing hostage crisis ”
central is in lock down amid a developing hostage crisis ”
central is in lock down amid a developing hostage crisis via
central is in lock down amid a developing hostage crisis ”
90,000 + tweets for , 1,100 per minute . trending number 1 , globally .
it is number 2 in usa, behind
the siege is still ongoing and people are behaving like its over.
worldwide syndrome. amazing.
peace prize for who ever started ?
not much action in the middle east, i notice.
fuck until they learn their place in a civilized world !
90,000 tweets for, 1,100 per minute. trending number 1, globally. ”
it is great to be australian !!
prayers go out to the hostages in sydney❤️
it is so especially when it is your home town 😩💖
just seen it on tv so sad ❤️
in really scared there is gonna be more attacks
i was briefed overnight on the siege in sydney . it is deeply concerning and my thoughts are with all
prime minister says he was briefed on the ongoing situation in sydney.
. nobody voted for this. & gt ; selling off hhs for profit ' nhl
cheers have a good day.
they are radicals because of a narrative not because they were born so
not as disturbing as having jimmy sale ran around for 50 years buggering children with impunity
have not they got enough to worry about without a showroom dummy like you weighing in ?
a meaningful and useful prime minister.
nobody seriously wants to be part of a siege except the mentally insane.
likewise. not a fan but i doubt the claim. need to evidence a claim such as that
how about stopping immigration to the uk by muslims from any country ? actions speak louder than words.
they do not think what they are doing is evil, they think they are making allah happy.
police have it under control. proves they learned a lot from scotland yard.
that is presuming that said radical thinkers would care for a narrative other than their own.
nothing to do with again ?
were you woken from your slumber ?
there is a way to negate it.
because we will be showing them from within their own sacred sources that those acts are evil
i hate too but mate that is a bit harsh. ouch
thats because politicians are doing it to, david cameron sexually abused his dying son
you should have a motto that reads:' no freedom of “ hate “ speech '
.... enjoy your quail eggs and prune juice
radical thinking has no borders and cannot be stopped by airstrikes counter narrative is needed not more bombs
: hashtag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege
rt hash tag offers solidarity with sydney is muslims after cafe siege ”
hash tag offers solidarity w sydney is muslims the world needs : love, tolerance
the social experiment ' still restores my faith in humanity.
the has now entered its 14th hour . police are still doing " all they can " |
my prayers are with all involved. i pray this is over soon.
thought the lights were out in the cafe where is that picture from.
our prayers are with you australia
police amp government enjoying ? cheap publicity or drama.
it video of hostages released
so sad may they came out in peace n health.
prayers for the hostages and their families ! sad tragedy !
good work to the media keeping up updates. stay safe. x
come on the whole drama is over everybody knows your plans.
my thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved in may there be a peaceful outcome .
it is so terrible what they are doing
i really hope everything will be okay, sending prayers 💜
i am just happy that people take their time to acknowledge and send their prayers 😘
i hope so make sure ttroyessafe when he gets there alright ?
read about the situation and its honestly so terrifying. prayers go out to all involved
same it is just terrible hope everyone gets out safely 💜
i was down the road at meccas when it happened 😭😭😵
i hope they get out soon and no one gets hurt.
the biggest challenge now is to insulate our youth from the influence of the is .
very true youth is the most vulnerable target anytime.
good to know. thanks. !
the biggest challenge now is to insulate our youth from the influence of the is. ”
and our spiritual knowledge has that strength guru !! which shall insulate our youth from !!
baby bole to ky sari
my q is what is that teaches at aol, in addition to you.
all u r doing is marketing the course. no logical answer to q. better bye.
empty vessel but nice that someone in aol thinks logically as well.
why do not you come n experience yourself. why trust others.
little do those terrorists' realism that their actions will trouble the whole community
the biggest challenge now is to insulate our youth from the influence of the is. ”
a siege in sydney suggests a new trend in jihadist violence may have reached australia
and may just have ended now
western media happy to invade the world but constantly perplexed when its racist onslaught meets with violent objection
your poor editing suggests standards are dramatically falling at ... what does this hostage taker actually want ?
one event suggests a new trend ?
talks already about a trend ... hahn
wow really that was a quick decision. unfollowing, i expected better from you .....
an individual psycho should not be considered as a representative of masses and entire population
. shame on you. kindly look up the definition of “ lone wolf “.
a trend for one action of one isolated man ? come on ...
mate you keep telling yourself that
crime is not religion.
pm abbott : our thoughts and prayers must above all go out to the individuals that are caught up in
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages –
remembering them in prayers and thoughts .... and our friends in oz ...
when they kill that muzzle wanker we will be.
my fellow australians . let is stand together against the as well as the hatred against innocent muslim .
stop perpetuating hateful gibberish in the first place.
but what about the hatred of innocent non-muslim australians ?
no wonder there is so much killing. grow up, and smell life.
indeed. lets pray united against fear
never heard of that innocent muslim.
who is the afro ?
the only good is a dead muslim
i had argument with christian “ tweet that multiculturalism is the problem. no, idiot bigots are
nonsense. terrorists are not they are just crazy obsessed demons.
sydney police and gov not officials asking public on site not to tweet info about because could be " tactically
how do they tweet when mobile networks are shut down ? or is that just a rumor
the media need to stop showing up to date film of police and their movements
of interest to the public “ does not always equal public interest and this is a good example
that could lead to a repeat of the munich massacre.
first rule of national security apparatus : control the mob and get it to work for you.
. now is an occasion where the public interest really does not need to know.
nope. can not see my photo ???
breaking : police say the hostage situation in sydney is over :
breaking police say the hostage situation in sydney is over : ”
breaking police say the hostage situation in sydney is over : ” sigh.
i hope people are this look terrible ....
he also supports and helps to get their name on tv .... did u follow this ? hmmmm
cut his head off with spoon. shw the same mercy, we gt 4m isis ... nothing
thats why he asked fr the flag to show his support to ship and ira .....
rt breaking police say the hostage situation in sydney is over :
send all the buggers back to their countries and do not let them back in.
to discriminate in
thanks for sharing you are now featured on
thinking of everyone involved in sydney . hope everyone gets out safely . send love
what is your favorite thing about the holidays ?
gunman identified by police as well-known islamist cleric sheikh man haron monis
i wonder if this self styled cleric of a crackpot related to another crackpot called angel choudhry ?
more outreach from the religion of peace ! he is sent letters of hate to fallen soldier is families
wherever you are buried. we will find you,
there is no cleric in islam.
an updated map of the sydney exclusion zone around the hostage site at martin pl .
thanks so much for letting me know. that is sweet of you.
no worries honey chivalry is not dead, see.
disagree as is your right but your language is not appropriate.
thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with muslims .
then i would tell you and the “ thousands “ to go and get an education
oh you gotta be kidding me ... * face palm *
i wanted douche bags stopped muslims are fine
because most want immigration from muslim countries stopped
are you saying because one immigrant arrives everybody should be allowed to come
i think its ironic when i read fellow 1st gen croatians tweeting they are anti immigration.
far more want immigration stopped
thats a nice simple view of world simon. good for you.
no it just a lazy broad generalization and you know it ...
it is a reasonably specific statement.
what are you talking what were the sydney riots about ?
of course they ask any of the few christians left in the mid-east how nice muslims are
are dangerous for the whole world
would appear you have been brainwashed not educated - war is coming any fool can see that
photos , video and live updates from the , where hostages have been held in cafe :
video and live updates from the, : tu ?
ready a true fighter man. god help everyone who helps themselves
notice how hostages advanced toward cops w their ? unlike false narrative, where he never really had
saddened to see my religion being hijacked and maligned by fanatics, extremists and criminals.
it is a sad day for the peace loving people “
its a sad day for the peace loving people
video and live updates from the, where hostages have been held in cafe :
and about woman alive ??
has the pig been killed ?
breaking : australian national imams council condemns sydney siege
rt breaking national imams ' council condemns sydney siege …
1994 how to create an “ islamic enemy “ -
breaking national imams ' council condemns sydney siege “
a muslim woman took her scarf off out of fear after the sydney siege but she is comforted by strangers
army is to protect and avenge park support murderers of 4 lake kashmir hindus. its justice
take any country where r in majority. wats the growth rate of ppm of other faith ?
only behave like human being wen they r minority. wen in majority they r animals
u never know wen co-wrkr muslim turns out to be isis operative/bomber/suicide bomber.
do not u feel ashamed of your hypocrisy ?..
unnecessary sermons r useless. come down to facts and specifics
i y playing victim here ? plant bomb/kill/behead and play victim is funny
a woman took her scarf off ? was she no longer afraid of allah ?
just give me an example where muslims r in majority and other faiths have flourished
is a fanatic just like you. hate mongers. go away.
and u have audacity to say that u r human ?. sick
thank god the lady who comforted her was not an ignorant bigot !! go away you troll.
run u idiots from those who can show u mirror
no more turning blind to reality. its highly world starts to see through u terrorists
thank god she was not a suicide bomber. that ansi lady should not be so adventurous
just give me an example where muslims r in majority and other faiths have flourished
those who hold the mirror for others should be prepared to look at their own reflection.
just give me an example where muslims r in majority and other faiths has also flourished
i was not born with the views i have. i have got it after reflections
no. killers of 4 lake kashmir hindus is not terrorism tall. its justice
can someone pls cite qur'anic verse about taking hostages at a chocolate shop to spread islam ? i am having
calm down this has nothing to do with islam. do not bash a whole religion.
i understand she did not. but it seemed like she did at first.
i take the honey bunny back. my wife might get jealous
i am that was my point.
imagine i say all are fucking psychos who like to shoot down elementary schools and movie theaters ?
the flying spaghetti monster would not condone this.
it is cool. i appreciate the fact that you are standing up for muslims.
they got the first four words right anyway ...
love your tweets men. proud of you.
sorry it sounded like you were at first.
so these guys doing the killing in the name of islam are christians ?
commanded his followers to hate fine chocolate.
no worries. thanks for sticking up for islam !
i am not bashing i am muslim.
oh well sorry then. someone mentioned me saying you were bashing islam.
my sweeps say there is only one “
just helping you out ... i can see your shoulders.
it is right after the verse about living like a non-muslim while claiming to be muslim.
a crazy world we live in . a hostage crisis metres away & amp ; peoples ' 1st thought is
what absolute sick behavior
that is awful but unfortunately not surprising.
i did not take the photo ? i live in scotland ...
i do not understand people i just hope and pray they all get out safely
i am more perturbed by the bumbag ...
not sure i see too much of a difference though if ya know what i mean
and i am afraid to say they are aussies
and you thought take a photo of someone taking a self ?
yeah sorry i saw it about 50 times after i saw this one
well it is the self absorbed capital of australia.
what self centered
it is a sad world we live in sometimes.
. not showing live pics of to protect police & amp ; hostages . unless noted , images are recorded
this is a responsible thing to do. i applaud cnn for ethical journalism.
understandable. let the security forces do their job.
terrible what is this world coming to fear and terror we need to change the game
can u call control and tell them to take cnn instead of this idiotic tape piece ?
actually police moved journalists “ so far away they can not get images
amp has the best news and i am certain it is without compromising security.
i am glad is covering it, since us is showing a dinosaur documentary.
thanks for having respect and class.
pm : i was briefed overnight on the siege in sydney . deeply concerning and my thoughts are with all
hey this douche thinks i am a troll. lmfao
briefed overnight means he had sky news on !
you want to find out what is wrong with my life ? well okay ! enjoy !
why do governments give air time to these crimes ?
pew pew pew. they are going to haunt you too.
but not as they have fallen behind with their taxes .... “
i do not know do not care
how long until this happens here wake up cameron you fool
really what care we what u think ? look to yr own very serious issues
thanks dish face but they just want tony ugly mug we are not scared. toodles
your boys doing it peoples you support in syria
you are saying he shot down mh17 ? what is wrong with your life
a song of peace with lyrics - youtube … … … … rt
we need to a system dominated by love and affection have a rt
soon it will happen to us. hope you prevent it rather than try solve it when the arrives
displaced people live in people live where is
so does that justify it ?
better rush in some legislation, just in case.
if you are taking selfies in at the site of the then ... i ... just ... just do not
what the hell is wrong with some people ?
can not wait for their million series if a device is detonated. fools.
go home you sad people
be n 4 down the noways
if you are doing i think it is fair to say you are a complete dickhead.
hope someone takes a self on the most horrific day of their life someday ....
fucking thank you someone in the media agrees with me.
i know how totally wrong !!
disgusting is the only thing i can say.
is wrong with people ?
in case of queries about indian nationals following events in sydney contact dr vinod bahade dy consul general at phone
picking phone provided by you
straight and spot on ! perfect media briefing !
are you in ? have you witnessed the ? tweet us now at
on news wanting sympathy, not for the hostages, but for backlash at muslims
because no one will tweet you any untruths
. . . the flag is the sahara. google that.
please be careful with what info you publish or re tweet about police tactics/operational info
anyone links the coincidence “ that linda are one of the few companies not halal certified ?
only understand one thing death
scary day in always felt so safe here compared to london.
people in surrounding office buildings told to stay inside
i have just seen this at the scene truly shocking.
hope people there will be safe hhhhhh
reminder be careful what you tweet about the martin place siege. “
do you really think it helps to be tweeting about this ?
. is it the done thing to create hash tags for ongoing terrorist plots ?
please do not tweet police or security movements or anything that may harm police operations to end this safely
massive operation : " hundreds of armed police have swarmed the area . " ( live )
massive operation “ hundreds of armed police have swarmed the area. “ (live)
can we please take these muslim(terrorists) countries off the map ?! america needs some new beachfront property !
are you fucking idiots what part of do not tweet police locations do you not fucking understand ?
that gun control is working ai not it ?
as the drags on and bigotry flares up , australians are saying in solidarity with the muslim community .
as the drags on “ ? is it boring you now ?
bigotry is intolerance of another opinion and unwillingness to listen to it. that sounds like islam.
sick of apologists. ride with australia not a flawed religion. wake up you idiots
may we all choose to wear white tomorrow to show our support of love & amp ; peace
trust the media to spoil solidarity. anything for a headline !
good people being good ...... excellent
watching the mass mind control take effect and waiting for government suggests we give up freedoms for safety
" thank god 5sos are not in sydney " yeah well people is families are in that cafe you dick
the people being held a hostage ???
why do not u just confront them instead of making a tweet like that ....
did not even come to mind when i heard the news
it makes the which they have no relation to, about them. it is ridiculous.
just surprised with some fans that said that 😂
i just did not agree with ur tweet that is all
why would not u be allowed to say that ???
okay well fair enough and i did not agree with theirs
thousands tweet declaring their solidarity with muslims ...
beautiful gesture from a loving soul. god bless rachel jacobs
terrorism got boost from sympathizers & amp ; secularism
is guilty of crimes against humanity
bots will conquest all the world.
still no protests against violent jihad though ....
i will ride with you. very beautiful
press council confirms it has received complaints about telegraph is " death cult " afternoon front page
wonder if the press are hacking the phones of those involved in the siege.
. someone rolled out the professional anti-murdoch outrage machine.
mt press council confirms complaints about telegraph is death cult afternoon front page
so they should. stooped to a new low.
this is the weakness of the west. we can not say things as they are anymore.
press council complaints about telegraph is “ death cult “ front page ”
i think i need an ' i am offended that you are offended t-shirt. '
he has aligned himself with the death cult ; what is the problem ?
and get rid of that while you are at it. he is a disgrace.
incredibly no facts editorializing speculation.
can we just get these people out alive and do the analysis later ??
why a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for selfies
here i love that self
these self people are obviously hostages to their smart phones.
what kind of moron takes a smiling at a place like that ?
bunch of inconsiderate morons how about they negotiate that you swap places with them inside ?
how to put this nicely ........... nope not possible ..........
these self people not just lack of sympathy but also common sense.
they seem to be enjoying it
rt why a hostage situation is neither the time nor place for series ”
now i have sent it all … father has brought his two young girls to pose and take pictures at
just horrible father brought his 2 young girls to pose and take pictures at hostage scene ”
he should be arrested for his choice of clothing.
it is difficult to understand hogans at the best of times
seriously new adjectives need to be invented to describe the kind of person he is.
people never fail to bewilder me
what is wrong with people ?
i can not begin to imagine what he was thinking. if he was at all.
there were several families with children watching on as we walked back to our hotel earlier.
unfortunately now a spectator sport stop feeding their need for attention
wow. these people are incredible.
with orange shoes and floor clothes ? the levels of offense are off the charts right now.
you have had a long day
this man carries a gun , not a religion
spot on rt this man carries a gun, not a religion ”
. exactly he is carrying a gun to follow a 6th century saudi arabian desert religion
this man carries a gun, not a religion ”
this man carries a gun, not a religion !! & amp ; that flag is ????
then what was that stuff about “ god “ on his flag about then ?
and that headband reads merry xmas '
gun for fun what is that banner ?
this man carries a gun, not a religion ”
oh the twists and turns of the pious
congrats on your tweet !
he carries a black flag bearing the sahara
congrats on your tweet !
pretty sure he was also carrying a religious flag ...
. please check he is also carrying a flag
just seems to keep happening though ......
a solitary lunatic , with a history of trauma , sexual violence and a shotgun . not a jihad ,
the gen category of sexual violence, yes. fraud - they would throw the book away
that was my first thought but i did appreciate the analogy any way
these racist white people make me sick - white minority getting closer low
in this case all his victims were women.
one guy that is a birthday party one attended. heaven is gate had members.
no that is the dictionary definition of a death cult !!!
or perhaps sexual violence against women not seen as important ?
if they had been bail refused ?
yes just your common criminal who maybe should not have been given bail.
if only the system had these resources.
sorry forgot to add to my post.
perhaps if he had been alleged to have raped over 40 men instead ? no bail ?
and a judicial system that let him out in bail !
if terrorism thrives on publicity , then the media has mostly played to script writes :
they are getting what they want by creating fear and uncertainty in community via social media normal media
twitter has certainly done its share to keep stories mainstream
those news channels & amp ; anchors who did not cover assam riots citing notyranny of distance ' , are
okay. so according to some friends ... international incidents deserve more coverage than assam ... accra hie ...
level if journalism is very high. lol
riots were not an international threat. this is so there is your answer buddy
begged and borrowed from and others.
there should be far baa psi in pakistan as well.
it is the facilities they r used to
it is called physical and psychological distance from a newsworthy event. media 101.
terrorist packed everything except the most important. indian media before his act.
sad that we crave for such lopsided entertainment when white skin is involved
first page of carries thorough investigative reports & amp ; sm informative piece of news from around d world
good going toilet paper of india (to)
tonight pray for the hostages and their families in and pray too for the police on whose courage and wisdom
we must unite and forgive each other
how the hell do we forgive armholes who hold babies hostage, not while i am breathing.
talking forgiving turn bull. for us to unite and fight terrorism !
dozens of heavily armed police have surrounded the cafe in sydney is martin place .
stop. tweeting. photos. of. police.
hey maybe do not broadcast this to the guy inside the building with the gun
dozens of heavily armed police have surrounded cafe in martin place.
what good does it do to broadcast images like this ?
or the footage currently being screened ?!
your viewers do not want to see these pictures when the hostage takers can also !
what part of not posting photos of police did not you understand ?...
it is reported in media that one of the hostage is a korean australian miss be.
dozens of heavily armed police surround cafe in sydney is martin place.
probably do not broadcast the vision tho ...
they will want to post something. i am thinking towards damage control.
stop it you are not helping by tweeting or broadcasting this.
oh this is definitely helping the authorities, .
should not the faces of armed police be blurred ?
get your priorities straight. do not tweet this shit.
please stop tweeting gear and movements of police !
so we know they are doing something.
should these images even be posted online at all ?
what is happing in has nothing to do with . these terrorist groups do not represent islam at all .
laughing at how dumb u are. read books and never talk about something u do not know
reveals itself for exactly what it is, every day, in terror attacks around the world
has no place in civilized society is. its just a death cult
stick it up your towel headed ass
fuck you i know more than you and muslims are killers
did the crusaders represent ?
i see your book of magic and raise you with mine.
they do not protest at because they are too busy hi living at the mosques
this flag is not written in hebrew either ! but in arabic !
god cannot be made of atoms because atoms need an organizer. you can not organism yourself
. they should understand how innocent muslims suffer cz of them.
keep living in denial. actually they represent islam more than you.
; jew hater. muzzies always blame their backward cult on others.
bullshit ... they do. is a dangerous and vile religion.
if photo was on it would you hold him responsible ?
he lives in a world of denial
harry potter is fiction because the author of the book herself says and the book its says so
that means in a terrorist ... k
this is the result of your long time denial to the terrorism and brutality of israel
oh this terrorist fuck in is as muslim as they come.
and still people choose to deny. political correctness produce a generation of dumb people. afraid.
i would really like to believe that, but the list of banned terrorist groups suggests something different
all the best then take 1. 6 billion muslims to court and get them prosecuted
i never said all are responsible, but it is clearly impossible to converse logically with you.
use brain dude ... the media is eating all of ur brains. use common sense !
a re tweet that is your answer ??
he represents part of surely. it is not a buddhist flag.
the innocent people are not held hostage by the media only muslims so use your brains
bullshit every is a potential terrorist
if violence had repeatedly been done in his name, then yes i would. logic - try it
any is a potential terrorist
do not tweet police movements . do not tweet photos of police , their faces , their location , anything
i am baffled by people and tv crews actually talking and showing pics of where police are.
media should ' know this.
why twitter and social media needs to be removed, also it is a tool to radicalize folks ...
australian muslim youth handed out 2000 flowers and 3600 water bottles to people in sydney
what an amazing young woman !
did you just call them a race ?
declare love wear this movement together today -- sgt ;
is a religion of peace. i condemn the. may get them all out safe and healthy
racist spotted this shows islam is a religion of peace.
and each flower is explosive.
from this muslim : the australians tweeting are my brothers and sisters . the gunman and his sympathizers are my
the gunman and his sympathizers “ are the enemies of islam.
this guy is a thug and criminal.
the bigots are everyone is enemy.
my re tweets are merely highlighting interesting points of view, they are never endorsements.
we are all in this together
we will defeat these people with our kindness. something they hate.
fair enough. thanks
you are my brother too.
speaking from the other side of the world, my respects for your comment brother.
its unknown if the gunmen is muslim at all yet or using muslim symbolism for scare tactic
who are australia is radicalised muslims ?
you keep that simplistic view to yourself. i know much better than that.
right blame it on muslims .... spread hatred, what do you expect in return !
is terrorists are the same as everyone else. they love to kill people !
all i mean sunnis !!
they do not represent the mainstream islam and muslims, few lunatics do not make it whole
i do know and i am dead sure its beyond your perceptional capacity. enjoy spreading lie
all of them
mostly they are underground in syria.
tweets like this only make things worse, you complete and utter morons.
is this really the time to be tweeting this ?
same as they are worldwide their tiresome msg is has been same for centuries : convert or die
do they throw boomerangs gimme a break.
those are bunch of psychopath who wants few minutes of fame.
praying for the hostages in sydney . please let this end safely .
i am sure it after all, it is the religion of peace.
thank we appreciate your concern and your thoughts.
you mean killed the crazies and save the people ms eva.
thanks we appreciate your support !! i hope it ends the right way too xxx
thanks for your concern and support x
i have not heard a word about a problem. i do pray for anyone in trouble.
praying will not do them much good.
thanks me 2 praying for a peaceful outcome.
it is scary to know it is happening in your city you are amazing eva
thanks as a this is too close to home.
thanks you are an angel sent from above. 😘❤️❌⭕️❌
people are actually taking selfies on the site of the
moons rt people are actually taking series on the site of the
people are actually taking series on the site of the ” humans 😩
time people are actually taking series on the site of the ”
why do anything else “ : people are actually taking series on the site of the ”
people are actually taking series on the site of the
how despicable to take a self ?
lost the plot people are actually taking series on the site of ”
you missed the guys drinking “ : people are actually taking series on the site of the ”
i long for the innocent days of cat bin lady. good times.
cretins of the top order “ : people taking series on the site of the ”
people are taking of people taking series someone is got a pic for twitter to get angry about
people are actually taking series on the site of the ” wow
what has happened to you ?
ha. people taking of people taking pics. when will this madness end.
speaks volumes about where humanity is at !!
people are actually taking series on the site of the
they need their balls booted.
people are actually taking series on the site of the ”
seen this at ground zero. like it is a fun tourist attraction.
wonder if the will follow suit ? it is the day for hostage taking it seems ...
shocked by events in sydney . thoughts are with those affected . we are in close touch with australian colleagues
probably but pretty sure has grave concerns over europe too.
you are those that have been made to order the following link from another website
prince and comments on the site russia today
lies. you are a killer. tony abbot plants them to scared me.
you must stop them and not let them free hand doing whatever they want under your name
' i think people are seeing right through these state funded false flags.
really how this farce was done against one person and you let bad doing all this under your
do you really think the aussies would want advice from spineless europhiles ?
disgusted by any media coverage of the ? protest it by not clicking , not buying , not engaging with
... it is the hostage situation still happening right now in sydney.
it is. it is all over the news.
why are you disgusted by it ? did i miss something ?
i have been boycotting journalism for years. still has not gone away ...
certain media outlets are reporting irresponsibly.
the point here the news covering it irresponsibly.
i found the channel 7 watermarks scrolling across the screen totally inappropriate. what did you think ?
we all know who this idiot represents ; why do we have to be so polite about it ?
you know him personally do you ?
look piss off mate block me because your talking out of your are !
sounds important. why should not it is covered by the news ?
his ignorance and willingness to assume what the media is reporting is true is killing me.
well what is the ? it is hard to not be curious.
i have been following as i find it the most reliable and least sensationalist.
police outside the lindt cafe in martin place . photo by fairfax photographer daniel munoz .
i guess sh not worrying about the “ do not broadcast police movements “ thing ?
the police look pretty op is over ! thats how it looks to me !
is this good practice to be posting these pictures in the middle of their operation ?
you know you went too far when the big boys show up !
share photos after the situation has been resolved. assume all hostage takers know how to use twitter.
rt police outside the linda cafe in martin place. photo by fair fax photographer daniel munoz.
the fact that harry tweeted about sydney , just proves how much he cares . love that boy ♥
so the one proving /me/ with entertainment, with all your little white girl comebacks
your insults are just making me laugh ! thanks for the entertainment, darling.
i am laughing so hard i think your life is shorter at this point of time
where the fuck is the contradiction
you made a twitter account just to tweet us. feeling the love.
fuck you people are in danger and you link it to 1d - twats
you shut your fucking rat mouth you cum-guzzling whore.
nobody asked for your opinion mate.
do not call me either.
oh so someone just found the cursing dictionary did not they ? that is lovely
i love how you still use cd and call her out for using emotes
oh my god shut the fuck up.
you have no idea how ignorant you sound
i made a twitter account quite some time ago ... to troll idiots indiscriminately cd
then you should not have started it darling 😇
have you learned to spell yet ?
fucking and even i know you do not make lists with dots before the brackets
your precious time in your very short life.
because he is the only one who tweeted about it is not he ? shut the fuck up.
its no different from me tweeting it, we are both thinking about the people in the
glad you finally learn your manners honey
you can shut right up too.
too bad i am not little or white 😇
nobody asked for your dumb ass disrespectful opinion either.
do not you fucking dare call me darling, you little brown nosed cunt.
you just contradicted congrats. you are chinese grew up in the australian school systemdumbass.
even if he did not care, he should anyway. its paying respects and its not hard
is that really the best insult you have got ? that is so weak lao
i did not imply any of what you are implying so.
no you see he is attractive therefore it is important and different
why thank i believe i will, off to making more replies !
many people have probably said from their mouths that they care
i come from where we use proper english, and include brackets in our lists.
i was just stating the reason of why i believed you where white.
takes a lot of effort to get your assistant to do that.
reflects the true during the undesirable actions of the few ! stand tall in the face of adversity !
we are all citizens of the same planet - have a great day !
congrats on your tweet !
congrats on your tweet !
congrats on your tweet !
this is not going to end well in sydney . wake up britain it is coming here .
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
disgusting scumbag. ira !!!!
what do you know about sydney ? you retarded fuck
too many terrorist sympathizers in this country, treasonous bastards
how dare you support a country being decimated by one of the largest military powers.
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
enough for you to thank you ! “ if the cap fits “ lao
oh now a pro troll ...... long live israel !
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
whoever is behind this is coming out in a body bag.
a matter if time ... it was canada couple months ago now australia
i used to hate u. but i think u got a point here.
time for another bottle of cheap piss
tommy always did have a point
forgive me opinion fly matters
for themselves many are surprised he makes many good points.
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
we are all for being non muslims : remember last year in nairobi in the shopping center
do us a favor love. fuck off.
. is not a country. never was.
coming it is already here. they are just biding their time.
the police will not fuck about over there
if there r jihads with hostages & amp ; someone uses the race word !
you fucking prick gt ; & lt ;
how dare you walk around with a mug like that
aye cos is the ones destroying palestine, fucking dunce
what did he am that is wrong ?
largest military power saudi arabia ? yeah, terrible.
supports and the snap. in short, a nazi.
seen a lot of people identifying it as a different flag. my arabic is not too good ...
: police storming cafe , paramedics on scene
police storming cafe, paramedics on scene ”
police storming cafe, paramedics on scene ”
take this shit off the internet. these people have family and friends ....
police storming cafe, paramedics on scene
hope and pray it all ends well. my profound sympathies with australian people.
police storming paramedics on scene
police storming cafe, paramedics on scene my word ! tragic
sydney siege is over . more details to follow .
sometimes it is just not an option anymore.
i am amazed you have lost the plot on this conversation. you have gone full potato.
why do not you wait till the moon turns pink ?
good job to the new police. you should all be very proud tonight
trouble with reading comprehension “ eh ? sounds vividly similar to you !
... says the dead hostage was killed by the gunman. yet dip shit sean blames police.
i do not think even confirmation from god can convince a deluded twat like you !
absolute rubbish. your tweet was not stating a fact.
siege is over. more details to follow. ”
siege is over. more details to follow. ”
pretty sure they have been trying for the last 14+ hours ?
deaths still remain unconfirmed by any sense of the word, and you persist ?
rt siege is over. more details to follow.
you’re in it’s not my responsibility to keep you informed.
siege is over. more details to follow. ”
have not seen any video footage here yet either.
what happened to your commitment to a peaceful outcome ?
rt siege is over. more details to follow. ”
tell that to the families of those who died.
congrats on your tweet !
now crawl back to whichever rock you hatched under.
you ever think the crazy gunman instigated it, idiot ?
would you please shut the hell up you bloody senseless moron ! your input is worthless !
so you accuse me of jumping it just because i was being attentive unlike you ?
2 3 seriously injured you insensitive moron !
you couldn’t afford a research assistant from the likes of me. piss off you obnoxious american.
least one hostage was killed. maybe you should be better informed before you offer an opinion.
where is the report that people have died ?
enough i’m not you are fucking research assistant.
rt siege is over. more details to follow. ”
siege is over. more details to follow. ”
great work guys my thoughts are with everyone involved !
crazy gunmen can’t be controlled or held accountable like
all over the news. try 7. 2 dead. 3 badly injured.
you should be the one admitting that you were just plain slow in keeping up with reality !
2 people feared dead. my condolences to their families and loved ones.
no one is reporting it but 7, not the most reliable news source.
listen up deluded i am not gonna waste my time putting up with your ridiculous banter.
are you having trouble with reading comprehension ? seems so.
i will be honest , the multi-faith prayer vigil is making me a little teary .
try hard and see better results ! love ya stuff keeps !
oh. that makes it fine and dandy. multi-faith and bugger multi-gender.
its a gesture amp ; an admirable one at that
i do not think anybody said it was not mufti gender, you are projecting
have you taken your beds today ?
i am very confused with this person, keeps.
this warms my heart in so happy despite of all the bad things
shah ... you are done now. 😉
were women allowed to pray in same area as men ?
it is okay. it just made no sense .
this warms my heart. shattered it is taken this situation but nice to see some good like this
i apologize that they are including you in their tweet. ✌️
that is what i wanted to know. not admirable unless all-inclusive.
sending all my love to sydney . horrible situation ... stay safe everybody .
its hit close to home. i only live a few hours from sydney
there was an man that took a cafe hostage.
wait what is going on in sydney ?
some people are so fucked up 😕
thats good. glad it was all taken care of
yeah. its all over now which is good
whats going on in ?
scary situation hopefully things get solved
" profoundly shocking " -australia pm tony abbott delivers second statement . more :
kill those terrorist hang them to death
i like the tree in the background : 0
hit them hard. these idiots are creating nuisance globally.
shoot him ask questions later !!
they need to show strength at this point.
this will not improve your approval as pm
thanks guys. you are doing a brilliant job.
profoundly shocking “ - australia pm delivers second statement ... ”
this is written in quran😊
sending troops to protect dictators threatens all of us | seems milne | the guardian
checked to see if the has a long history of working for western intelligence ??
“ this is obviously a deeply concerning incident , ” australian prime minister says on unfolding situation in sydney .
too bad does not have a 24 hour news station. we are all watching online. .
kindly call your army and navy seals ... these are deadly islamic terrorists who blow themselves.
and wanting to speak to australian pm (also unconfirmed) .
people in the middle east are extremely concerned about extremism, but i guess you are not.
absolutely in we have leaders trillion airs, of course on paper they are beggars
why is this not breaking news on your us channel ?
is pretty good and that is the network the republicans wanted to kill off
this is being called a sage. not a track. people have hash tagged it as
yet instead of covering the story you are showing viral videos
the hostages are pinned up against all the windows. they can not really do anything.
corruption is an act of treason, root of all evils “ - that is true !
yeah that is about 75 dollars in us or 100 in euro
yes they but they do not cover breaking news.
the flags are covering the windows.
are you doing bitching about immigrants in canada if you are one of them
okay. let me clarify. are calling it a sage. not official language.
i beat the fuck out of that fucking jabroni in the australia
same does every single ... in a sydney guy and i wanna kick his cabrini ass
u would humble him huh iron shark
ha fucking raisin balled taco tits
this is not a true representative of iran unlike iron shark who is the legend
you would fuck that prick up. problem solved
him in the ass and make him humble.
you are the man shake !!
yes shark i will be waiting in sydney for you to break that dickhead is neck.
this is why i love the iron shark ! & lt
thank you for easing the tension in our sydney office
follow and our live page for more updates on
body at the 1st into symposium on liberty and islam in australia
follow and our live page for more updates on ”
love this tweet just added it to my
to be announced soon to free humanity
follow and our live page for more updates on ”
swamp world media cover up of islamization : wake-up
our thoughts and prayers r w all australians tonight . america will never forget that u stood w us after
thank will always stand with our great friends america.
unfortunately the o in the might.
is it that has taken these innocent victim is hostage ?
i may live here now but my heart and soul will always belong to australia.
authorities are not confirming but islamic flags have been seen in the windows of the cafe.
shocked and disgusted about what is happening in sydney ... those poor people trapped in that cafe ..
thinks it is all bs
we need planetary unification before we should even dream of this
great tweet i love how we all push racism to the curb
no kill you them all. fuck they think are be heading innocent people cheeky bastards
this group need killing all of them. 🙏🙏🙏
it is such a terrible time !!!
blame the brigade making these fanatics feel as if they are “ right “
irony is complaining about religious loons and then praying to a sky pixie. ffs
i admire how the australian police have dealt with so far . patience . communication . no bullets fired .
the problem is when he fences defeat from fatigue it can end badly.
with one hostage taker they just have to wait for him to wear down.
well said thank you for your kind words
you are a damn idiot chris !
bullets sometimes help to weed out the trash. mostly it takes innocent lives though.
just because they are not black
a sponsored message to promote a
from your mouth to god is ear.
if he kills anyone then i will be wrong but i bet he may just kill himself
why do you copy other is tweets ?
however our media are as disgusting as everywhere else.
courageous it is one dude ...... more people hold up servos on the regular.
that is only because the queensland cops have used up all the ago already.
yep keep all eyes focused there
australian pm abbott expected to speak soon on " reported hostage-taking incident " in sydney , reports -
well hurry up slow coach fuck you tony
we do not watch u
rest assured , in a non-judgmental way , we are monitoring sydney , australia is ongoing workplace incident .
we should also sympathize with the dramatic ordeal the hostage taker went through.
that is funny.
in other words refuses to call this a muslim terrorist act.
that about sums it so sad !
because that is what the leader of the free world should do first.
wants to give the hostage tacker “
you win the hands down. keep it coming !
hate it when chocolate connoisseurs rise up and bully an oppressed muslim that way.
and will continue to do so until we can morph it into an argument to disarm the conservatives
. is report on what we know right now about the :
siege telling us they hostage be freed what about the kidnapper who they are white man hello
only few of them. but 50 of them inside there hahhahahah pa difference ?!?!?!
is report on what we know right now about the : ”
the mutant strikes back with cowardly precision. this mutation of is repulsive.
is schemer on apparent motive for as well via
is report on what we know right now about the : ”
knock off inserting this friction irritating telephone ringing sounds during a like ringing sounds
thoughts are with you sydney 😔
it is really horrible people would do that. people have no feelings these days ... 😥
there is been a hostage which started 16 hours ago and just then there is been gun fire
oh i hope u are all safe 😔 praying for u
you are a good human being dean
massive respect to today . their professionalism and calmness under such circumstances is amazing .
that is different police. arm hostages !
the press conferences have been outstanding too. calm and concise. exactly what we need.
massive respect to today. their professionalism and calmness under such circumstances is amazing. “
many great officers in this force.
yes rt massive respect to today. their professionalism and calmness under such circumstances is amazing
this is a man with a gun . not a religion . this is a man with a gun .
calm down do not use this to fulfill your prejudices.
perhaps i am just not as frightened as you are sir.
and you are an f'n idiot.
a little bird told me one or more of the perpetrators has explosives why police expanded perimeter
that is true. we need to put this incident in perspective.
see the association between one religion and all the red ?
he is a man with a gun inspired by, you damn blind fool !
how ' bout you do not use it to reinforce your nauseating political correctness.
guess my prejudices turned out to be correct, huh sir ?
calm down mate. do not jump to conclusions just yet.
maybe the flag is a hint ?
almost as dangerous as the terrorists are the left wing apologists for terrorism
they also say they treat is forces and commanders in israeli hospitals, why is never dishes israel
but we do not know that he is israeli yet, he may be just mentally unstable
how do i know the sun will rise tomorrow ? experience. history.
why is it that the loudest shouters of anti semite are never semites ?
maybe but how do you know ? are you working with him ?
congrats on your tweet !
regardless of how i feel about religious etc though, do hope they all get out unscathed
bye bye whack job anti semite.
video : the moment the police stormed the sydney cafe . police confirm the siege is now over .
you just got yourself a new follower
for their incredible efforts in the share the tag and show the love
while all eyes on - 5 shot dead in philadelphia , in the much bigger acceptable terrorism of us gun
whats wrong with the world. why can not we all live in peace
bullets are for defending yourself or for target practice or hunting.
the trend continues ”. there should not be gun licenses ...
the problem is not it is the people, criminals.
could well in that case.
if we sure need to take better care of our veterans.
yeah and they want them back ! hey sucks when the crimes are the only people with guns ...
what about knife crime or hammer crime or hand crime. cars kill more people than guns
what is the solution confiscation, banning of firearms ?
if its things that kill “ that your worried about. do not fret there are lots
with porous borders and more than 300 million guns, do you believe criminals will ever be disarmed ?
muslim extremists are always so open to reason and negotiation . this should end well .
we are all born and people like you brainwash children into believing stories without facts.
well this is all historically documented and verified even by non-muslim intellectuals and historians.
perpetual evil against civilized islam truly is the “ religion of p.e.a.c.e “.
u said ignorance then said adam and eve in the same sentence. ...
sacrifice a few to save the majority. only 2 animals against 13.
i meant the leap to blame means no ones really checking,
of course it is a muslim no other normal people do this shit dirty dogs
just do not water board them. that is mean !!
time to go live a special anthony curia show !
just seen the scenes from sydney . tho gets with the people & amp ; their families of those inside
have they reported how many people are inside the cafe ?
not far from wish i could meet you
hey jams how are you ??
what happened to meiji you biggest fan😉ilysm😘
i am anxious about a case
no real time operational footage or on the ground movements will be shared by the media to ensure terrorists are
so unlike media who provided live coverage of mumbai 26/11 attack !
channel 7 building 20 meters away was evacuated
can u teach journalism to some of our asshole journalist ?
and i think sky news is right there too.
lesson for media who want exclusive footage of any event at the cost of innocent lives.
cannot happened without the help of some indians. there are some traitors inside india which want terrorism
this is how media shut work. god will not forgive ur 26/11 shame.
media should take a lesson !!
i would love it if we never publicly identify this crazed gunman . no name . no photo . no
congrats on your tweet !
hey any chance that will happen ?
i agree he needs to fade into obscurity
just kill them. that is all i ask. is it too much ?
no chance. there will always be that one news station.
really hope they just put him on a plane back to where he came from.
as humans we are naturally inquisitive. so hard to put it into practice.
what are the chances of that actually happening though ... brilliant idea nonetheless.
the company you work for printed his photo on the front page of 2pm edition
pm tony abbott will hold a press conference on the in 20 minutes .
find relatives. ignore got hostages back
i limited to 140 characters per tweet. thus multiple tweets.
time to confront evil and see it for what it is.
a golden opportunity for pm tony abbott whose popularity is waning
rt pm tony abbott will hold a press conference on the in 20 minutes. ”
rt pm tony will hold a press conference on the in 20 minutes.
have a go at all not just single out 1.
police chopper hovers over a deserted opera house concourse .
plenty of people still at opera bar, i understand.
pretty sure you have been asked not to post pictures of police operations
that photo is 40 minutes old, why tweeting it now ?
probably a good idea not to tweet anything of police actions, resources, timeliness.
thoughts with the hostages and their families . prayers for a peaceful ending .
5 hostages escaped earlier today and a further 7 have just escaped. gun shots firing now
fuck peaceful kill all those rag heads now
the ppm who attack r extremists. remember not2 stereotype innocent ppm bcoz of violent nutcases
here is to hoping everyone makes it through this tragedy safely
praying for a happy.
thoughts with the hostages and their families. prayers for a peaceful ending. ”
here is to hoping everyone makes it through this tragedy safely
an imam , a rabbi and a priest have held a joint prayer session for the cafe hostages , at
this is so beautiful 🙏
and how have you come to your conclusion ?
our views on what constitutes evidence are no doubt miles apart
your tweets and perceptiveness is sufficient enough !
not really the moment for joyful expression ... or is it !?
right .... so that is a no then.
this emergency requires the not the pious arrogance of peddlers in fear and prejudice
insert what is the joke here * but seriously spiciness
show me one third time of asking.
perhaps it would be better to change the tenets of your collective beliefs rather than pretend god exists
closed minded rat white ppm are so ugly
oh the ignorance. ' 😷'
i am assuming you have evidence for that .... oh wait ...
in describing the likes of you, indeed they do.
again your tweets mate. in denial ?
this facebook post about australia & amp ; is absolutely worth reading
the statement was not specific to anyone ....
that stronger than your religious beliefs, stronger thank your hate “ is problematic 😪
that was funny. i like beatrix potters a lot !
he is safe but they killed his mate . .c.ucluckilyeys dead in glade i just 😓😓😓😓
no can ever win above humanity. i wont say sorry 4 this
how the hell did get elected then ?
babe let is pray that he/she is okay 😢
no room for extremists !!
this post about australia & amp ; is absolutely worth reading ” jdkjdjsj bye
can not bring us down 💚💛
gang up style. kick the shit out of these pricks
i agree with henna the wording is vague and problematic
my cousins in that shop 😓😓😓😓😭😭😭
now that is my kinda bomb 😝
this post about australia & amp ; is absolutely worth reading ” strata 🙌
they need fucked up the scummy rag heads
" you never see non-muslims do things like this . "
i suppose you are blink ...
yeah let is bring out a few isolated incidents from other nationalities to defend the thousands done by muslims
on a day like you chose to deflect attention. not surprised, apologists are out
it appears to be that way. alot of denial. i will never understand it.
this rt you never see non-muslims do things like this. “ ”
is it action of reaction ?
i think white extremism quite often gets passed off by whites as anomalous behavior of a sick individual
here it you condescending twat :
martin was not a muslim either ?
but is common in every violence
check meaning of straw man. , son.
um actions in the uk etc. nah never.
he is a true psychopath.
yes v never see non muslim doing this but v see muslims crashing planes on the building
often the flag. the gesture was changed when us entered war.
backed. usa weapons.
but you see plenty of ugly humans doing it !!
a moron says something nasty about a muslim on a bus , he is a national trend . an isis
a lone wolf with a multitude of fm followers
we will not weed it out 1500 years and they never did the wolves are among st the sheep
religion of dude ...
my neighbors are there is nothing wrong with them just people getting by as best they can
disliking does not mean being anti-muslim. muslims are people, while islam is a political system
agree however community does not need coddling, it needs support to weed out this evil
many lone wolves can make a pack !
we must consider this iranians hardships that brought him to take on such a peaceful endeavor ....
the turds burnt our for doing its job. its blood on their hands
i sit true they are air dropping hilary into the scene to empathize with the terrorist
images of the
time to get tough on muslim rebels
sad world of ours !
rt images of the ”
images of the ”
images of the “
images of the ” please be safe pray for them
images of the for australia 😥
those lads look serious.
not f'ing okay images of the ”
moments ago : police storm cafe in sydney where hostages have been held
moments ago police storm cafe in sydney where hostages have been held ”
moments ago ... aka 45 minutes before this tweet was sent.
now that the siege is over we appreciate the efforts made by the police,
moments ago police storm cafe in sydney where hostages have been held ” damming !!
police storm in sydney where hostages have been held ” الخبول اللي واقفين يتفرجون😂🙈
australian muslim community releases statement in response to .
what a load of rubbish, bulldoze all mosques and these mongrels that are in them.
we are being tested today in sydney . but whatever the test , we will face it head-on . and
the terrorist is winning as he is still alive.
civil society have you seen the media today ?!
i would not really call us democratic. all our democratic rights are revoked through over-regulation in australia
and a eventually.
well time to put controls in place before more die
i hope this scumbag does not expect legal aid if he survives this
would just tell them to say hands up. do not shoot. solves everything here.
the community is equally strong against any acts of violence towards our country.
well said. kudos to you and andrew scipio
they have the same habits
disclaimer unless your arriving on a boat .... signed
if you give in to fear, the terrorists win.
i condemn the sydney cafe siege of innocent civilians ... such terrorism and negativity has no place in 21st century
go strap on a bomb you idiot.
but nuclear bomb is essential for 21st century civilization ???
i agree with you saab
wrong some misguided people think so
yet in it does.
all such enemies of humanity must be hanged or shot dead in full public view.
we are with you sir. you are absolutely right.
tony abbott : " we are a free , open and generous people and today we have responded to this
hub v today meet yesterday edit tomorrow detail devils
hey you should speak for yourself !
being free and open with islam is what is gotten them into this mess
if only he displayed those tendencies
as we lay down our head in the safety of our homes tonight , countless hostages face an uncertain night
no point arguing with retards. live and with your ignorance.
. crawl back under your rock, pinhead.
assaults true just pardon the culprits bc some1is muslims ? it is lib
amen amen to that 🙏❤️
you and your racist ideas are disgusting. export yourself love from sweden
there is room here for everyone
get a life duet use your brains people.
export all bigoted idiots to ... middle of the ocean should be fine.
lets trend its too late.
moron. responding out of experience, knowledge of history, common sense ... wake up.
and what have you done to dissuade young muslims from taking this course ?
you clearly have no brain if you think islam is not killing their own. see sunni- ships
you sound very /end sarcasm
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages –
finally. nice to see that thought expressed. agreed
i basically told him what he said to someone else
all quiet again after multiple gunshots in . no word on whether hostages are free
how nerve hopefully nobody is dead, possibly injured, but not dead
another rat eliminated hopefully but how many still threatening ?
australian police operation under way in sydney
police operation under way in sydney ” so scared for these people right now !
police operation under way in sydney ”
. presumably the want their sacrifice recognized on anzac day or some other such nonsense.
everyone in the cafe is safe
police operation under way in sydney ” these bastards need obliterating
is to what the westboro baptist church is to : an abomination .
you can also count the nazi is for catholics and the kkk for christianity as well.
but both are immoral morons. both have holy books full of lies.
religion is an abomination. the morality of the bible & amp ; duran is to be condemned.
colonel sums up mankind & amp ; planet earth.
there are not tens of thousands of people in the westboro baptist church ..... what a nonsense comment.
unbelievable beheads to save american lives “, says radical preacher.
thanks. it is the 2 from lost in space.
but how many do you see leaving australia to join the bbc ?
very little movement at the lindt cafe . one person , we believe to be the gunman , walking toward
the police let back into the channel 7 studios.
he obviously does not care. it is all about ratings, not about people is lives !
and if no net service he can not put anymore you tube aids up
you tube aids of hostages now online. search for joel heart
i do not have them but if you look on youtube
must be as only showing as posted for under an hour
you tube aids have been removed from the site fyi
it would be doing a great job, reporters should respect the sensitivity of the operation
you guys know of the youtube videos with the hostages listing demands right ?
yup i know they do too, we have one
for is sake ! let it go, jackals !
why is this not being reported ?????????
what about the videos posted online ?
can you please post those videos ?
can stop him for safety sake ?
hence why it is important to not tweet about the police !
you stop tweeting your rubbish and let the police do their job !
you would think they would have done that.
police confirm sydney siege has ended -
best thing i have read the past 12 hours. holy jesus.
police confirm sydney siege has ended - ”
oh thank god rt : police confirm has ended -
police confirm siege has ended - ”
not really some pot head hippy across the street will think this jerk is a cool dude ...
thoughts and prayers this morning with those affected by what is happening in
my wording should have been clear enough.
take it up with he understands the core of our national identity values and traditions
stop looking at my picture then.
i did take it up with nigel, you replied to my tweet.??
not the time or place for your thoughts
time to fight back. we have been too dame soft
will you put a bag on your face. your ugliness offends me.
and do not forget to pray for basil don and for people from chigwell.
so you should know that he believes in our judo christian traditions and our religious heritage
sarcasm is the lowest form of wit
that is what you get for inviting the unwanted to settle …. ?
it is all very sad.
how dare you cash in on real world happenings.
can you answer for yourself ?
he has i have heard him say it.
understands importance of our judo christian heritage we are a christian nation at heart
just saw tweet saying hostages freed !!! hope true !!...
yes i agree with the aborigines too ...
you are highly uneducated if you think muslims are causing all the shit around the world.
nice political point scoring using such a serious issue - scum
let is also take a minute to remember what is happening in gaza
what is happening in is people refusing to acknowledge the real politic so they get whacked
the will not take kindly to this s**t, just watch the outcome ?
looks like skippers do not possess the intelligence to realism u r being sarcastic ...
when is pm the best day ever
what a horrid little man you are, caring about people in this situation is thoughtful.
you do not make get educated and
something seriously wrong with your thinking, idiot
shameful tourists take selfies at scene of
seriously rt shameful tourists take series at scene of ”
rt shameful tourists take sseriesat scene of
tabloid website get clicks off by stirring up hate against stupid tourists
why do you think they are tourists. just as likely locals.
who says they are all tourists ?
well done for beaming these sad lowlifes to the world. now we know who they are.
rt shameful tourists take series at scene of
one hell of a messed up society. all of these people should be disgusted with themselves.
shameful tourists take series at scene of ” shame
shameful tourists take series at scene of ” 👎
morons. rt shameful tourists take series at scene of ”
shameful tourists take series at scene of ” in disgusted & amp ; ashamed
disgusting. how can people get so low and be so bloody stupid !?
rt : shameful tourists take sseriesat scene of ”
my thoughts are with you sydney ❤️
i do not live but i pray for them 😭
its so lilly.
sending u blessings i hope everything is 💓💓💚ok
same hope everything will be ok soon❤️sending u a big hug sydney ppm to
rt my thoughts are with you sydney ❤️ ”
my thoughts are with you sydney ❤️ ” 💗💗
thank you for acknowledging this. we all appreciate it ! ❤️❤️❤️
its crazy you were here before and you know how sydney is
over 6,500 tweets already - currently 198 tweets per minute - god love you sydney
over 6,500 tweets already - currently 198 tweets per minute - god love you sydney ”
people being held as hostages does seem a perfect selfie moment 😬😐 . absolute morons !
people being held as hostages does seem a perfect self moment 😬😐 ...ababsoluteorons ”
this people are sick how could you take a self in a situation like this. fuck tarts
how about asking the to swap hostages for these morons !
they should just be grateful they are not inside the cafe looking out !
they are smiling too 😑😷
twitter famous now are not you
wow seriously people is lives are at stake and all they can think of is 😒
i what a happy situation to remember by with a picture !
you know if we manage to turn the into a positive force of community this man will have achieved the
well fucking said the best thing i have read tonight job.
or will achieve exactly what he wants ?
i was thinking that is probably enjoying this.
that is how we should deal with everything
very true. like is dog whistling islamophobia has back fired.
. i can not believe i find myself agreeing with you, non-football playing jonathan brown.
congrats on your tweet !
also great propaganda tool for extremists worldwide
we are all hoping along with seeing the hostages safely back with their families
mosques , synagogues , churches hold unity prayers
yeah com all have a different god
they consort with worse than nazis - the devil is more like it
they always fart knocker but every time they do its ignored 😠
funny i do not see catholics taking hostages, beheading unbelievers or crashing planes into buildings ...
churches unity prayers ”
possessed by they are not partnered but the same
catholics do not normally wear turbans you mean ?
churches hold unity prayers who ?
the pope himself not so long ago condoned war against isis ' so-called beheading
i question your
people r true suckers if they think islam is a peaceful religion.
yeah and that one is the catholics
good. can it be sooner ?
is always a necessary partner for their cause.
churches hold prayers for the safety
. there is no unity when one of these religions has an agenda to conquer the others.
always careful to not comment, they are a spent force anyway. consort with nazis.
citizens wising up to the catholic sham, scam.
they should do this every day not only when sh*t hits the fan
11:11 - my wish is that this hostage situation in sydney ends without anyone getting hurt !!
you are so sweet and caring
you are so mom ❤️
same mg i am so scared for them
my prayers are with them
the media need to take a step back and realize this is people is lives not a kardashian wedding .
i looked at their time line. i agree. they are trash.
here on usual programmed. ch 9 covering as we speak.
australian pm abbott : motivation of perpetrator in sydney hostage situation is not yet known -
probably a false flag from some rogue usa agency
if it were they would all be dead already.
pay no attention to flag flying in window
i am hoping that it is not masterminded by cia/fbi agents
no one fully knows what is happening with the but we do know anti-muslim and ignorant speculation is not needed
yes sill people this will make abbott xmas
i feel sad for you now go and rant at someone else
two of them inside that cafe apparently are.
hard not to be cynical ...
and the fact that you are not afraid to be called racist is something to be proud of ?
you are embarrassing yourself with your half baked fear mongering
too bad not enough of them are not. islam is a problem.
what race is then ???
us statistics show majority of terrorist attacks on us soil not by people affiliated with islam.
except the small detail of 9/11
i made up did i ?
we do not need it we need tolerance
terrorists really who is the loon here ?
i she not holds my breath. all those false flag tweets about the boston bombers
nothing racist about resisting horror, zealotry and ignorance.
. not all ” take hostages in sydney
that is to say you are part of the problem, not the solution
you get your data from a website called loon watch and expect to be taken seriously ?
flag not a strong hint ?
you are cheering on the problem. hatred and racism and stirring up trouble. you are truly awful
here you data since 1980 : islamic extremist terrorism at 6%
how many have that killed, enslaved or ethnic cleansed ?
. 5,042 people killed in november 2014 alone by islamic jihadists per bbc.
which is irrelevant because there has been no irish related terrorism on the mainland for many years
i will pay that as a damned good burn.
this all we sorry to be cynical
it is not brave to be afraid of otherness
though as has little it is overwhelmingly white. uk would have heavy ira legacy.
i am not sure you even know what i am talking about. sigh
be nice and use your brains. be tolerant and wise and kind.
appeasers will be first into the bunker howard !
keep your skip white to yourself
and how are you helping anything howard ? you are an intolerant fool
try selling some of your wine to devout muslims then !!!
is it please educate us
name them.
the incident in sydney is disturbing . such acts are inhuman & amp ; deeply unfortunate . i pray for
next elections in as ?? maybe ...
you forgot to mention the has nothing to do with islam !
i doubt these terrorists are of pakistani origin ... heifetz speed had plans to attack australia
yes i also think speed include in such things. god keeps safe them.
worries about cricket team in australia !
thank god for some proactive and aggressive thinking in the current generations. been docile for too long
to the people taking iselfies ' and getting drunk whilst watching the - as if it is a spectator sport
fully agree should be made to trade places
obviously a are you.
no point in replying to these keyboard warriors mate
absolute scum of the earth.
totally agree first comment i have seen with that view.
it is what did you think they would do ?
congrats on your tweet !
ignore the on here bud
best not to give oxygen by noticing
page one of tuesday is sydney morning herald , first edition .
i hope somehow you will have to redo the cover due to a resolution overnight.
another hypocrite joins the line.
lives on top of oil and there people live like shit !
page one of tuesday is sydney morning herald, first edition. ” ohhhhhh bless her
apartheid 1. 5 mil muslims are israeli citizens. 0 jews in muslim nations.
when stop attempting to destroy israel ! i do pray for both palestinians and israelis.
was a century ago your maths is as bad as your logic !
via page one of tuesday is sydney morning herald, first edition. “
state are not would not even call them humans.
do not make excuses for that idiot masquerading himself as a muslim in
gash grow a brain. you are an unlearned human.
why do not catholics stop pedophile priests ? ludicrous argument, tool.
slaps forehead exasperated sigh *
gash grow a brain.
that is rich coming from a muslim, or even worse an apologist for muslims.
is the world is the biggest hate group.
can you kindly keep this crap out of my time line. thanks.
it is good you pray for.
when will you pray for people ? assailant is not muslim.
is a reality. ask who wants to outlaw all non jews.
how do you know he is not muslim ?
is not in catholic teaching. killing suffers is islamic teaching
such a powerful image : page one of tuesday is sydney morning herald, first edition. ”
manufactured by others and you blame the muslims. as i said grow a brain.
was put in its box a century ago. islam remains in the 7thc.
my prayers go out to the people of, and hope the ends peacefully !
incredible photo. who took it ?
hope you get some rest.
sorry did not know you were paid journalist. - the twitter mob
let is all pray for gash to grow a brain.
what we have not had terror before ?
gave him exactly what he wanted. well done.
do not hold your breath ! islam causes brain atrophy. 1/2
terror hits home rt page one of tuesday is sydney morning herald, first edition. ”
how about you worry about your own decrepit shit hole of a country 😘
video : watch the dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed the lindt chocolate cafe
suggest a producer watching the same live footage we have been watching brief your reporters on the ground.
watch the dramatic breach of the cafe as special weapons police make a final assault. end of
why did that take so long.
2 3 seriously including a police officer
my heart stopped beating watching that footage
bloody hell video : watch the dramatic moment heavily armed police stormed the linda chocolate cafe
watched that live on another network, scary stuff !
wild man. never seen anything like it.
the civilized world remains blindfolded .
bots will conquest all the world.
the civilized world remains blindfolded. ”
wow powerful image : the civilized world remains blindfolded.
the civilized world remains blindfolded. ”
i do not think you used “ civilized “ right
australian muslim community releases statement in response to .
community releases statement in response to. ” so important to read
that is what the “ dysfunc “ mean ...
community releases statement in response to. this
it is sad that they even have a need to issue this.
you are an idiot
grand mufti prof . ibrahim abu mohamed has condemned the siege in sydney as a " criminal act " denounced
spreading fear makes a mockery of any concept of god.
troll troll alert licks muslim ass
people taking selfies in front of the - you need to take a long hard look at yourselves , and
not taking series during such a terrible event. it is common bloody logic.
sarcasm you know that word !
i suppose they could stand there wailing.
some will say this is a modern phenomenon but these were pricks before they owned a mobile
what is wrong with that ? what should people b doing ?
the irony of telling these people off via twitter is amazing.
what the hell is wrong with people ? it is not movie filming !
do not think anyone is blaming the phones
not taking fucking series. are you an insane person ?
people have been doing that ?
is the sydney hostage taker a muslim because of the flag hoisted ?
of a man of your stature should not ask such silly questions sir
no probably a terrorist who does not have a religion
i do not know. is that a logical conclusion to make ?
if the religion teaches him that then do you blame him ?
you bury your head in the sand ? these are your wake up calls
almost all terrorists r inspired by their holy book duran, so they he a religion
can not take reality ? stupid boy !
these r so called ' religion of peace '' needed like
he is a disgrace regardless of his religion or demands
so are u saying it is a false flag attack ? if it is who will gain ?
there is an flag. hope it clears your doubt
n saying hash mai change lag aye hie
australian mosque imams refer to as a " criminal act " , not as a terrorist act . refuse to
you park have lost any credibility in my eyes. you are racist and an irresponsible provocateur.
there are people who still believe 9/11 was not terrorist act. 2 words - useful idiots.
unbelievable. how is it an act of terrorism ?
what is a jihads park ?
holding hostages at gun if it not terror how would you define ? what constitutes terror ?
it is not an is flag.
what gain is this man achieving ?
are you seriously comparing with the sydney siege. omg !
yes. martyrdom and glory is every terrorist is dream.
religion has now become a drug to feel powerful. even though it means shit.
he is forced hostages against the windows holding up islamic flags. it is an act of terror.
calling it terrorism loses credibility ? targets civilians. promotes ideology. exploits media. what does qualify ?
give it a break. can you confidently tell me park if it is a terrorist act.?
back in 1986 a man called martin bryant killed 35 people in tasmania. was that terrorism ?
it is not an is flag. as a muslim you should know what the flag says.
it could be a chocolate delivery gone wrong and nothing at all to do with islamic terrorism
why not ask you you seem to know better of everything here.
you are right. we should wait and see.
so it is white people like me that are the terrorists ?
what gain did the hijackers achieve ? glory and martyrdom in their minds.
the gunman is just holding the flag of tweed in the window as a gesture of interfaith friendship !
it is not an act of terror !
it is a peaceful protest against capitalism !
sir are u in right now ?
absolutely no mention that chocolate appears to be jewish.
useful idiots have habit of putting words in other mouths.
the flag is not find out what it is and get back to me
hey hillary r u home empathizing with these scumbags ! i want a leader who will wipe them off the
were atheists not moron !
are you serious with that picture ?
she has not a clue my friend
says the man who sleeps with a goat !
your idiotic statements are the ones that provoke suffering, you scumbag !
i would kill every on the planet. download a hilarious free koran parody
you sound like an asshole - wait - you are an asshole.
gassed 6 million .... americans kill so many people its beyond counting
these ignorant comments are maddening islamic law is sharia, sharia is islam & amp ; must be abolished
were not idiot move on !
more like war on anyone “ not buying muhammad is bullshit
such a stupid ignorant comment
u honestly sound like a terrorist
really did you mean to spell it ' keep calm ', as well ? * facepam *
look at your who is the whore here ?
party was a party
this is the most ignorant and hypocritical thing i have ever seen in my fucking life.
coming from a self proclaimed vegan that is idiotically hypocritical ... that is all, good night.
and your support for that gross misinterpretation of history ?
she also claims to be a psychotherapist and a relationship counselor.
u sound like you support pedophiles ? look & gt ;
your a pathetic whore who obviously swallows muhammad is spew
shut the fuck non of that is true, you are a disgusting human being 😷😷😷😷
but its not the needs 2 be destroyed
brilliant more minions roaming the earth ! !!!
here is what we do and do not know about the
another hostage situation in now ....
here is what we do and do not know about the ”
this is great here is what we do and do not know about the ”
rt here is what we do and do not know about the
worth a read : here is what we do and do not know about the ”
has this information been cleared for release by the new police ?
there going to wait this unknown individual out, perhaps news blackout
report responsibly. multiple experts various perspectives- do not choose the most sensational fear mongering point for ratings
channel 7 have done a good job of it all day.
pay attention daily tell : here is what we do and do not know about the ”
of saying what they do not know ?
doing a sterling job and very responsible reporting, too. thank you.
so the flag did not tip you off ? australian police : " we have not confirmed this is terror-related
well i would have to say i agree with them !!!
does give the their talking points too ?
that is what cops say
if it walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck ...... it is a duck .....
if these idiots were a couple of white high school drop outs protesting the act they would be patriots
who is calling it work place violence “ ? is this confirmed ?
one would not want to offend any terrorists.
it says there is only one god, and muhammad is his prophet- messenger.
thanks for clearing that up.
if you are ignorant , this is the most important thing you will see today .
same in western society. nazi is, etc
goes without saying i want every idiot to drop dead, need 2 offers to help theygotmen
it seems like most white st africans where yes.
more museum propaganda to cover up the globalist jihad movement. take a hike ahmed.
let is go back a few years. apartheid, slavers, segregation, etc it ebbs and flows
incorrect. you mean to say it is not convenient to your premise
well then any good explanation genius why the 1. 57b have not cleaned up their mess
all this is a non requiter.
it is a historical fallacy. none of these ideologies have popular support today.
i get your point. mine is that muslims cannot be neatly divided in jihadists and moderates.
false analogy. none of those organizations enjoy broad support in any segment of western society today.
propaganda like this is what prevents us from actually having a debate about islam. extremely deceitful.
so 46,000 i want dead then
as the have asked : if you are in the sydney cbd just to check out the at , you
the fuck what is wrong with people
i totally wasn’t saying this 2 hours ago …
yeah it’s very scary hopefully we end up with a positive outcome but.
i really hope so. those poor hostages !
thank you for a total 100% clear instruction that takes stupidity into consideration ...
as if you needed to be told .....
yeah i feel so bad for them. so innocent.
it is turned into a spectacle. truly immoral and disgusting, yet predictable. humanity ...
it is a joke that this even needs to be said !
i can not believe this is happening at home ! so worried 😐
idiots tagging me , blaming " australian foreign policy " for wtf has lindt chocolate got to do with anything
what go learn how to speak and write proper english first keyboard warrior obsessed twat
to be i am definitely not making excuses for christianity.
shut the fuck up you cow piss drinking asshole
th of humanity christians killed millions in world wars ? who is in an are ??
why cause your a fat bastard ?
breeds a hell of a lot of them !
name me one tolerant islamic country. just one.
quit then nobody will tag u, till ur muslim we dunno when u will become terrorist
this sob started tweeting for sob, when given kick ran away. typical muslim esp saki muslim
some blame torture.
it would have happened anyway. muslims are incapable of living a peaceful, tolerant life.
in your lifetime yes but overall less than christians
have ' not time to educate you.
do not generalize my friend
has evolved into a more civilized form. islam needs to do the same.
for the love of ... it is not racism. a belief is not a race.
these kinds of apologetic are going to endlessly delay addressing the very real problems caused by islamism.
another another atrocity. 84 children shot dead in school. defend that.
calling of humanity shit ? that is why mr. bigot to
why are u defending is and kkk ?
extremist spare no one that is my point, muslims are effected the most by this terrorism
where have i defended either ?
do not know much about morocco, but malaysia ...
because you know it is true. muslim countries are intolerant brutal shit holes. the end.
idiots always have an excuse for terror, do not mind. they are idiots !
wow that is one broad racist statement you big bigot
calling of humans shit ??
colonial intervention left a mess in the muslims world will take another 25 yrs to clean up
. do we care right now what the reason is ???
not an apologists cause i hate fundamentalist of all religions equally
police have asked media outlets not to reveal the demands the hostage taker has made .
bit late for that have you got a flag and the pm is number ?
it is a bit too late for that. everyone knows.
too late for that it is all over the twitter feed.
media should once been listening all day about not releasing anything !
and only 1 has. and i wont be watching them for the duration.
really that is about 7 hours too late. yeah great coordination & amp ; control of info
i figured that was the case, despite protestations otherwise.
seems to be a bit late for that, eh ?
not over but 5 hostages escaped ...
police have asked media outlets not to reveal the demands the hostage taker has made. ”
sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone in sydney
a very dark day for all of us. scary
so much i know how much u love sydney and australia.
and counting .... this is getting out of hand.
me to man. not all that far away from me.
thank you. this really hit home for me
sending my thoughts and prayers to everyone in sydney ” ❤️
australians say " i will ride with you , " showing solidarity with muslims amid the sydney siege
you are simple minded and misinformed lao
say i will ride with you, “ showing solidarity with muslims amid siege
. their statements are baseless bullshit. have them sorted their mosques and idiot imams
extremists are a not islam as a whole.
perhaps prominent should show solidarity and condemn these acts of terrorism.
is study the koran, surat, and habits. you will see.
please keep going with your hypocrisy, i am laughing so good right now
i will ride with the hostages today
and a hypocrite mg do you see what you are tweeting ? hahahhahahahaha
indians : omg omg . can not believe this . god is cruel . today , bomb blast in imphal
many also think is the capital of australia.
please do not blame if mm screams at & amp ; is muted at
where the bomb blast took place moron
i was rat shopping, among my fellow indians, not fun.
same goes for pm he tweets for sydney but nothing on offal
......... just put the q to the great, its in uk
and they do it in the name of god
. i think cm is not in india.
reactions are based on relations and not geography ... the rest is just news ...
emergency svcs continue to line the streets of central sydney . no specific threat , but they are poised .
if they have to go somewhere in a hurry, that camera is getting bowled
something tells me there is a little more going on than a guy with a gun
what is with the recent sirens ?
thanks for the great coverage.
and many are draped with christie tinsel.
good spot we just re positioned.
you are being very reassuring in this day of crisis
more than 40 australian muslim groups condemn sydney cafe siege
rt more than 40 australian muslim groups condemn sydney cafe siege ”
more than 40 australian muslim groups condemn sydney cafe siege ”
yes you are bravo
because the actions of one are unfortunately and incorrectly assumed to reflect all.
well they would say would not they !
thoughts and prayers for a peaceful resolution to the current situation in sydney .
i know. that happened in every country. all ignored for the sake of greed. imo
it will never happen ... pray all you want.
look at there flag and tell me what they are
i want to see the police seize the place
but what really annoys me is that asia first warned back in the 1990 is and it is happening
those offenders need to be placed under arrest and brought to a court of justice.
exactly they are terrorists.
hope a sniper blows these bastards away ... make the next jihad think twice !
why is it such a big deal ? people have become sniveling cowards.
nothing involving ends in peace, ever
unfortunately that is how i read it
you will not get any opposition from me and agree
this is clearly unacceptable and un-australian
press council confirms " at least one " complaint against daily telegraph special
i have also made a complaint. surely this breaches the principles of accuracy and avoidance of harm !
the real number would be closer to 10,000 i imagine. at least i hope so.
why let facts get in the way of a good scoop ?
where do i complain about their moronic customers who make this level of crap profitable ?
there will be more rt : press council confirms at least 1 complaint against daily telegraph
the siege is ongoing and they want to put that shit on the front page ? wtf
i hope i am not the only one who went to the effort of filling out a form ?
only one daily tell me crap
it is almost as bad as the act its self.
there will not. these people will be arrested and have the book thrown at them.
australia is pm says there are " some indications " the sydney siege may be politically motivated
it costs the democracy : you are in nato ? receive a bonus as isis !
oh cut the we all know it is .....
so was that a political banner he held up or a religious banner ?
why give it media time they feed off it
how long did it take to work that out offs ?
rah download my mix tape
he is a genius
duh is he a bit slow, or is it just me ?
call ask him for help be. he is the one who is a real fights terror
the crowd is full of mouthy young men and old crazy racists . many have travelled here . really bringing
this is not really news it is opinion.
can you send me a link to this mate ?
well the worst of sydney is the nut job holding hostages in a cafe ...
those terrorists in are sub-human animals modern day nazis they should be killed period
so basically it is like a normal day in the usa then
. being is not “ racist “ islam is not a race. sheesh.
mouthy say it ai not so. 😏
stay safe down there.
that reaction highly unfortunate but let is not lose focus on who the despicable criminals are here
probably partly to do with this
this is the page can not figure out how to link to the post
gotta right click the time stamp :
i thought the worst of sydney was in that cafe holding hostages.
all my prayers are going to the hostages in sydney .. and all not muslims are terrorists .. it is
me too hi fellow in 5sos far
the rest are just intolerant to anything that is not islamic
far all muslim is like a family ❤️
nice to meet you too ☺️❤️
i am a too. nice to meet you. 😊
14 dec : australian muslim youth handed out 2000 flowers and 3600 water bottles to ppl in sydney
that was an amazing gesture of humanity. that is spirit of australia that we all know. australia
nice gesture but sad it is needed ... it is like having to apologize for merely existing
it was a part of our islamic awareness day, no apologizing
via youth handed out 2000 flowers and 3600 water bottles to ppm in sydney
that is jihad may allah reward you all
bless them this just made my morning
forget that we are promoting sharia & amp ; jihad, here. have some water.
this is how we communicate love, peace and caring each other
yes they like to celebrate a victory.
the backlash against the elephant in the room “ backlash that never comes alas !
that is not suspicious at all. what is really going on here ?
our thoughts are with everyone in sydney . please do not share any videos or demands from the people involved
for this i know they will appreciate this
authorities request media to show restraint . not give out details of even gunman is demands or operations ( worth
you just told us about not revealing demands but news laundry posts the same now. indian media ?
. the west has learned from 26/11
thank god sagarica not in sydney.
y only even margin war where brownie scoring greedy reporter got few of our soldiers killed !
authorities must thank mm who taught them “ what not to do “.
gives away locations of policemen/army to the terrorists.
if were she old have called iran attack on foe
terrorist prefers to speak to instead of negotiators for their demands
unlike authorities during
left out d joker covering iraq from jordan and calling it ground zero.
. amp would have turned out a lot different :
media did similar thing during 26/11
how can 1 call on idiots who repeat lies to learn ? indian pretend to be honest idiots !
characteristic of majority of in india. what to do ?
but in media gave running commentary on security forces moves during 26/11 terror attack
terrorists are missing can she go to australia ?
yes true terrorists are not interested in negotiating, but in publicity.
media must learn from australian media how to report when matter concern to national security.
... worth emulating for whom sir ?
u left out the king of all “ arab “ and his wannabee raoul kansas
in australia , sydney siege tests delicate truce with muslim community , by
what truce there is no truce. they are only bidding their time
there is no truce as there is no need for one. saying there is incorrect.
a crisis not just for the australian government but for the australian muslim community as well.
thanks so much for sharing. just added it here :
another puppet being used against muslims,
there is no truce because is a religion of violence
and kick the muslims out if they commit crimes.
to hell with community “.
across the globe r becoming more & amp ; more radicalized and hence problematic.
in siege tests delicate truce with muslim community, by ”
inform me by twitter. are there jehadists ? dear soft,
you can not condemn an entire race , nation or religion based on the actions of a few radicals ,
love the first 4 words in your bio 🙈🙉🙊
.... future that will change ?
only very few people can maintain the perspective that you have in this hour of crisis.
said the well meaning
you can not terrorize the entire country based on the actions of few ..... keep in mind .....
indeed not a question of race or nation. it is this religion of islam that creates zombies.
actually i i condemn islam and i also condemn you, for talking total crap
i look forward to you jumping to the defense of christianity when the next child abuse case is aired
you can blame their ideology.
this is the world we now live in . literally metres from the cafe with phones & amp ; cameras
why the fuck are they doing it ?
it is crazy sad ! rubberneckers to a hostage situation ! ughhh
i do not know what is become of the human condition
how would you the photo then ?
i guess you have not seen the movie dog day afternoon yet.
of 4 bombs placed around the area idiot. get home it is not a photo opportunity.
it is like they are at the movies or something
what did the people do !
what does this honestly say about us ?!
its these guys wanted publicity and we gave it to them
even after the reports of bombs. they still stay.
they love it. they want blood !!!
. and you are not doing the same thing ?
so that is why the train was not all that packed this argo.
crucial things to consider when watching breaking news .
then do not tweet stupid stuff. people is lives are at stake.
what do you mean i can not gauge tone.
i think that one’s a bit overdone., honestly.
so true rt crucial things to consider when watching breaking news.
not on speaking far more generally than what may have happened.
i agree they shouldn’t do that.
time to see if the australians have a peter mans bridge of their own.
memories of 22.
truth mt crucial things to consider when watching breaking news.
does not number one say it all ? the rest are window dressing.
are you watching this are you aware what the media just did ? what are you ?
showing a dinosaur movie.
major strategic info given away by mainstream media. you just made really dumb ass observations.
reliable sources tell us .... “
what about the media giving out strategic information ? where is that ?
this crucial things to consider when watching breaking news. ”
people evacuating via small ladders ( above the lindt cafe ) photo by
very irresponsible to release this photo !!!
wait until this is over to publish these photos.
seriously that is exactly the location information you said you would not add.
across multiple twitter being criminally irresponsible with pics showing police ops. criminal charges warranted ?
you are endangering these people is lives just “ to be first “
why the hell would you post this ? you suck abc.
seriously guys why the hell would you tweet this ?
do you think it’s really responsible to tweet a photo of that ?
why are you tweeting these ?
is not this precisely what the police have asked the press not to do ?
why would you tweet this ...
what is wrong with you ? stop posting this !
why are you detailing this ?
are you fucking retarded take this down !!!!
: prayers for the wounded hostages .
they just announced it is over !
heavenly please heal the wounded sidney siege hostages.
pray they come home safe and alive.
they should have summarily executed him and buried him with pigs.
watch : " a very disturbing incident " - australian leader
watch a very disturbing incident “ - happening now !!! ”
watch "“ a very disturbing incident "“ -australianleader
you may wish to send in the koalas ?
bots will conquest all the world.
praying for the hostages , and praying for my religion to one day be free of those who think that
here is to hoping the hostages get safe passage on this day
a or catholic, or really well-read infidel like me)
do you think it is event it is self proclaimed status as the “ religion of peace ? “
if that is what is you think, alright.
where them barbaric acts of terror not performed by muslims ? 🙈🙉🙉
i would argue that a significant majority of violent muslim extremists see themselves as defensive, not conversion-minded.
do you agree that it is the ? 😂
that is a really stupid thing to say
keep your head buried in the sand 🙊🙉🙈
list of terror attacks in what context were these people murdered ?
then that could be
a lot of people would describe buddhism as a religion of peace, is why i mention it specifically
personal ideologies that have nothing to do with the true essence of islam
but even it has violent religiously-motivated adherents ! mostly similar motivations to violent muslim hicks, really.
it is in your book.
a renaissance is inevitable. just not in our lifetime
believe when decide to globally carry out holy jihad, i will be their biggest critics
oh well. they all can not be winners.
personal ideologies it is in the duran & amp ; there is plenty of examples 🙈🙊🙉
if is a religion of peace why are not their extremist extremely peaceful ?
... and in the nor will they have anyone to help. “
wants to send you 1 safe passage (5,718 bits/$2. 00) collect
and disbeliever is sort of more complicated category than it sounds, is my point.
i would say it is fairly safe to say that buddhism is far more peaceful than islam
that is sort of meant to refer to then-pagans and existential threats to islam.
history is written by the victor.
when was the last time christians murdered people in the name of jesus christ ?
watch live : nbc news special report on latest details of
watch live nbc news special report on latest details of ”
who watches bias network !
here is how is at handle public dissension & amp ; truth owns gym
wrap the body in bacon. hope he got killed by a female swat officer.
looks like person on right is indian informs guy ...
amp monsoon. copy & amp ; delete. hide & amp ; seek.
ad shows violent video game designers ... were those “ flash bang “ grenade flashes/
how much do you think these people get paid to be in a ???
headlines around the world nbc news special report on latest details
how to face and terrorism ???
you just got yourself a new follower
and beard. between the east and west.
if anything positive can come from today’s events , it’s this : campaign
if you love and all that it is about if not
if anything positive can come from today’s events, it’s this : campaign ”
love and kindness coming from 7 and other channel news ?
if anything positive can come from today’s events, it’s this : campaign ”
do the math . stop the conflation and collateral indictment of muslim australians .
ever heard of the 969 movement “ ?
civil war not much to do with
ya think maybe your insult drowns out your point ?
those terrorized in or sir lana for example, would disagree
i hope that was not directed at me ... the “ 969 movement “ are buddhist terrorists ...
1. 56 billion of them hate gays and think husbands can beat their wives
precisely. you may want to investigate rohingya persecution in burma.
preach on. hijacking the world is concept of the faith.
terrorists 0 conflate that you imbecile !
tell that to the
do the math. stop the conflation and collateral indictment of muslim australians. ”
are you familiar with the persecution of rohingya by burmese buddhists ?
that is categorically false. there are definitely buddhist terrorists ...
is over - new south wales police force tweets
is over new south wales police force tweets ”
i hope no one died. thank god it is over.
hope all the hostages are okay and the hostage taker is dead.
is over new south wales police force tweets ”
is over new south wales police force tweets hours of fear
this only make more committed to fight and preventing terrorist attacks.
is over new south wales police force tweets
is over new south wales police force tweets ”
is over - new south wales police force tweets ”
is over new south wales police force tweets ” thank you lord !
is over new south wales police force tweets ” what is next ?
is over new south wales police force tweets ” 🙏🙏🙏
is over new south wales police force tweets
thank god is over - new south wales police force tweets “
is over new south wales police force tweets ” thank god !
crews are on sydney ave after a male was thrown off a 3 story balcony . pd say on arrival
nice friends merry down you go !
talk about lazy ..... just cause the elevators out
somebody apparently partied harder than you did
landing like damn boss !
if first attempt did not kill ya, then smoking sure will !
let me know if he was smoking it the whole way down, then we have a story.
also does not he knows smoking kills ? time to stop that shit.
deeply proud of our cops and community leaders today and deeply concerned for those still inside . our prayers are
that is pretty and deeply disturbing. i will say a prayer for him.
cos praying is really going to help ... considering this whole issue is directly linked with religious belief !
and as kitchens famously said “ religion poisons everything “
yep its archaic belief in prayers and gods etc that got us here in the first place.
could tweet about i guess ?
deep inside the dark spaces with his muzzle mates
you have been no help with your demonisation of legitimate concern expressed by sensible australians.
class act our police services across australia, please set them free do not want blood
yeah but the guys deeply deep
congrats on your tweet !
gold star for the peter cook reference. strangely apt.
if our morons from were in aus .. they would hv screamed " 9 hours & amp ; modi has
opposition in during park ceasefire violation showed
more important they would be helping the decision making and strategic aligning of plans
trait of a responsible medium. has mapped blamed it on jp yet ?
in fact terrorists go to business with hopes of favorable media support
forever scavenging crap and reproducing it with decor
did u believe that are not gonna do it here in india watch for all 9 pm shows
the nation demands an answer really !!!
they would scream did mode invite terror attacks due to communal ' ghar-wapsi ' ? “
especially the ones who probably went to a toilet colleges to study journalism
here even opposition pledged full support to pm
u have left our secular opposition vt comrade friends
along with glorification of the terrorist
opposition parties r with sick mind
reindeer would have gone for her far no. “ 100 “ mind.
along with exact details of ppm inside, their families, outside security men positions
the people running brothels will charge for every minute. what more u can expect.
of the terrorists with their god damned live coverage
worth pointing most victims of jihadist violence are people of the islamic faith
live by the die by the sword.
if i have shed 40 lbs. of skin, why am i still dieting ?
extremists would say the majority were not muslims - they were shi'ite is .....
yes. it means that is not violent. fundamentalists, no matter who, are always.
absolutely and thank you for that critical point.
actually white people kill one another more. get over it.
wrong in the victims are christians !
world church of the any women is clinic, the inquisition, it goes on ...
make a map of where christians kill christians and jews and kill jews.
just in : us consulate in sydney issues emergency message to us citizens to " maintain a high level of
i will light a goat on fire if a motherfucker decides to fuck with an american
how useful is really ?
calm down chill out do not panic aussie cops are in full control.
p is amp q is america !
: sydney stands up to racism with one beautiful hashtag -
you want a trophy for helping non-whites colonize europe/america/australia anti-white ?
warm fuzzier : sydney stands up to racism with one beautiful hash tag - ”
stands up to racism with one beautiful hash tag - ”
amazing. stands up to racism with one beautiful hash tag - ”
it is stupid media like this, confusing race with religion, that stirs up trouble
stands up to racism with one beautiful hash tag -
your hatred of whites is not “ racism “ it is “ anti-racism “
rt stands up to racism with one beautiful hash tag -
fooling anyone the game is up you guys are getting exposed all over the world
you push global genocide on to white kids then accuse whites of hate for opposing
stands up to racism with one beautiful hash tag - ” amazing !
and you will burn in the lowest circle of hell for your hatred, we all have problems.
i love . that says .
impressively tall men like yourself might not be the target audience, scott !
josh. much appreciated.
it is a gesture of goodwill
a white male at the australian not understanding racism ? well color me surprised !
as always much for jjet.tttopnotchjourno !
not lame. humankind. being both. i dig it xx
is the one in the middle, right ?
might not have the biceps, but i can buy a flamethrower. x
your coverage has been too.
it is easy to log off, mate.
is that not hugely lame ?
this is not this is the australia that we love - caring, compassionate, kind.
i hope you are ok, eden.
last tweet not meant to be unkind. there are days twitter shits me too.
great coverage today in stressful circumstances, well done you.
you were amazing today. thanks jet !
should that not happen every day though ?
you are being deliberately antagonist tonight scott. about everything.
i think you all need to have a big internet group hug. tough day
mate. much appreciated.
print up this practical stick on ipad or book when traveling
i think it is a shitty twitter night all round, really. hard day for lots.
is cracking me up xxx
is in every role play scenario.
the world will be good once ppm realism one does not equal all - stay safe
nonsense to help and comfort people ?
sorry but that is hugely social media concocted nonsense.
two young guys have arrived and are swigging from bottles of white wine . this is a hostage situation
13 morons who should be up against the wall when the revolution comes
i am from the shire and nothing like it
report some news you “ reporter “ ....
where is that hash tag ? oh wait, here it is …
good lord mt two young guys have arrived and are swigging from bottles of white wine.
i am from i understand your pain.
probability they are from the shire.
its a began epidemic. def not localized
i have heard of strange at tractors before but yob at tractors are new
surprised they have not started chanting aussie
outrage as bystanders take selfies at ( via )
outrage as bystanders take series at (via) ” seriously ?
put selfish into self deserved to get stick on all media sites
come on : outrage as bystanders take series at ”
outrage as bystanders take series at (via) ” ugh
outrage as bystanders take series at ” clearly a tourist. a bum bag ?
we should name and shame these crazy people. no respect at all ! twats !
outrage as bystanders take series at (via) ”
that is disgusting why do people have to suffer when you have these assholes who are safe !
outrage as bystanders take series at (via)
no outrage at tho “ outrage as bystanders take series at “
with new tools people gets more and more fucked up, nothing to do man
the bum bag says it all
sydney is a safe & amp ; welcoming city , proud of its diversity . great to see our best
and fantastic bike paths on those !
that sounds bad. i am not a local - can you explain ?
encourage people to share their protected travel routes.
except for those rubbish cycle paths
until the democracy kicks in and she gets the boot ...
also with families hostages police and man at center that compassion and understanding wins through
as a proud side i want to see real courage to show tolerance and fight violence.
so u do not want to share a thought to the poor hostages ???
congrats on your tweet !
yes hear ... multiculturalism at its best
if you are we have gathered news on multiculturalism from various medias around the world :
just avoid is electorate. cronulla.
breaking : ends after 16 hours , police reportedly used live ammunition , number of wounded unconfirmed
rt ends after 16 hours
sending love sydney . stay patient .. need everybody safe & amp ; a peaceful resolution .
have not heard from my aunt all day. it is hard not to panic.
their goodness will always triumph over the evil. stay strong australia
strength amp ; good vibes to sydney ...
let no lives be lost this day.
sending much love to you sydney !
are the best rest !
sending positive thoughts to
i am sure that all villagers worldwide follow your sentiments on this
well and nice sentiment --- sgt ; it proves
that is excellent so glad for you !!! - and now go have a drink 😉
prayers and warm thoughts with the people of sydney ! ❤❤
small wonder hope your aunt is just fine !
australian prime minister tony abbott to hold news conference live on sky news at 1 . 30am gmt about ongoing
where in the comment did the word funny pop up i must be blind was just saying
the bloke holding the hostages' loss a lot like ali g
the black flag might be a clue !
if you do not know motives why are you talking about and radicalized !
arrests linked to terrorism were made early today. could be a link to that !
get coffees on way to work its xmas do not risk your lives this could be ww
before passing judgment the media have to learn to be pragmatic and factual - no assumptions.
you find it funny that a guy with a machete, shotgun and backpack is holding dozens hostage ?
: australian police confirm sydney siege is over
rt police confirm sydney siege is over ”
shows support for australian muslims as drags on
shows support for as drags on ”
let us not cheat ourselves islamic terrorism is here with us and the sooner we dealt with us
and will also give excuses to the radical muslims who want to take your head.
thank you for the this. world needs more acceptance and love
... funny how someone uses "“ convert to ... "“ in order to feel patriotic .👍
thank you for keeping faith in humanity by continuing to read comments. namaste 💞
interesting. should not the support focus on those still being held hostage ? bizarre world
the west is in denial.
convert to or leave. i am tired of this
i was getting sad reading some hateful comments. thank you for those words, malinda.
have you ever seen any support of muslims the other way ? u fools !
live : updates on via bbc
your tweet makes my page better :
everywhere we have to be careful ! scandal ! “ : live : updates on via bbc ”
actors in action. mindset the british queen police rescue chinese woman. hello protesters in china.
a right royal robbery how the al halifax took a quarter * of bahrain’s wealth
our pray for banjarnegara landslide and hope everything back to normal . and our thoughts are with sydney . hope
did you read my mention ? oh please answer me ...
thank you for your mr. major
sydney siege highlights rise of islamist extremism in australia
criminal idiot. he has hostages holding up muslim flag.
oh come on bullshit ! “ : sydney siege shows rise of islamist extremism in australia ”
take a look at the script on the flag of saudi arabia, then take a look at that
it is true he did not take hostages.
what happened with intel agencies destroyed us in the name of us-led afghan jihad 1979
nor are they taking hostages. nor are buddhists, hindus, or atheists.
well said carol.
you need to report on christian extremism in america.
it highlights one criminal idiot. “ : sydney siege highlights rise of islamist extremism in australia
that is what they are trying to do to turkey : create another park but this time more difficult
are not the ones flying planes into buildings, beheading people around the world.
why they are not beheading aid workers ....
call it extremism . call it hatred . but do not call it " islam " . do not slander
more than thousands millions.
right path does that include death to apostates and torturing to death of adulterers ?
your both dumb i say that as a genius
someone already corrected me you unoriginal creep.
learn about science. your myths are poisoning the world.
you need to inform your fellow muslims then as most seem to think it does
learn about myths. your emperors are poisoning this world too.
you are .... as a genius “
my respectable broad. never teaches those things
learn about science. your myths are poisoning the world. ” looooooooooooool good grief
i am glad you know that.
never had a insult me a day in my life. plenty of christians have tho.
you say free do you support isis or usa ?
i would never even try to learn, it is an evil faith.
. you say that as an ignorant asshole überdoucherocket.
thank but no thank you.
i have. i am not. you are wrong. trust me.
and i said judge by the theological teachings not by the attitudes of certain people
thank you sir. i invite u to accept islam before u die.
so you are and anti-isis ? we can agree that assad is horrible.
there are liars that use the taqqiya, lying to protect their faith.
till arose when nobody wanted to help.
what does the religion of peace teach ?
you can not conflate criticism of a faith with hatred or bigotry.
no. they are saving it. you are wrong.
i would love to go over it all with you if you truly wanted to learn.
the former president yeah, he was horrible too.
as reports come in from sydney , remember that news outlets will get things things wrong .
really good tips. i would add : when in doubt, check is time line.
news in general is fact, 10% misunderstanding of an event and 80% weapons grade bs
a handy guide to news for anyone following the tonight :
as reports come in from sydney, remember : news outlets will get things wrong. ”
i would hate to twitter but this needs re tweeted about every 20 minutes some days.
congrats on your tweet !
10. look for biased journalists pushing a narrative or an agenda to help their friends or benefactors.
how much i do appreciate you. if there are 6 protesters in with shirts will cover that.
came in handy during the ottawa shooting.
i should have guessed appreciate your work.
do not fox news will be all over this … well, worry.
disagree re point no 2. not-for-attribution is perfectly respectable and often more forthcoming source
interesting re tweeted. did they have this in hand when they reported gabby affords died ?
i do not trust media ... period ... whenever possible, i try to get independent first hand sources
you do not want to be the one who believed the hype. a handy guide via
last one esp. “ : re : sydney, outlets will get things wrong. ””
1 indisputable fact some news reports will be wrong. use is guide :
will be posting a variation of this in my classroom asap
actually i contributed to the making of that guide.
can you at least confirm that the hostage takers are members of the bush family ?
in if you heard it on fox news/murdoch outlet, suspect systematic bias
you forgot get on with your own life “.
mt as reports come in from sydney, remember that news outlets will get things wrong.
and is disturbingly realistic and thus re tweeted ...
super guidance here mt reporting on sydney, news outlets will get things wrong.
excuse the double things. “
none does that mean you do not trust any news reports ?
" if you use public transport , wear religious attire and do not feel safe " - search the hashtag
not just everyone needs to get involved !! & lt
love my country and my city because of this
not just ... all of australia needs this.
if you are we have gathered news on multiculturalism from various medias around the world :
i saw the news about the hostage taking
so much respect for you jenna
i am fucking love you mg
uk foreign office in london : " we are aware of in and are in touch with authorities "
1 clear shot and guy mud be queuing up for 72 virgins.
well done better late than never.
terrorist ways to seize attention and control civilians must end by aims and non-violent methods of mahatma gandhi
not funny is a manifestation of the devil. . or stands for. god protect us.
need to invent sniper rounds that can carry out beheading. equal treatment shut be dished out !
i bet they are doing that right now.
police need to bring in their best snipers to end.
an argument breaks out in crowd watching after one man goes on anti-islamic rant . he is told " muslims
see anyone can carry on like a moron. it takes no effort at all.
look an bigot & gt ; & gt ;
you are talking to uninformed idiots - waste of time.
they bloody are * !
wash the sand out of your angina you whinging merlin
u r against who is brown/black. btw, judaism-christianity-islam fall under same group. nazi luke
yawn whatever.
i am against bigotry not people - there are many great muslims ! but the faith preaches bigotry !
yes and i would be worried if it had significant followers !
that is a good analysis of a single sentence. well played.
i have more of an idea of what is occurring than you ever will. enjoy your delusion
when people defend faith they do not realism they are defending bigotry.
have you read the old testament ? you could make the same argument of christianity could you not ?
trying to politicize this terrible incident = a grade moron
not just stupid - very stupid.
you do not. thanks for trying, now get lost.
read the amp ; do not speak until you do.
3rd world desperate trying to drag 1st world into the sewer ! you are very stupid.
you are intelligent the people bagging you are not.
bury your head in sand buddy.
real victory of those forces will b 2 guides us all down a path of replicate their hate
oh rather than play hard to get why not just buy me flowers
dude that was sarcasm poker face
you are very ignorant amp ; stupid. you can change.
oh no has blocked me. why ever might that be ?
do not give me that sob-story. i am a victim. you are nazis
then you get what you deserve, “ mate “.
so kiss his a **
i believe is are rightly against nazi is and are not called racists for being such.
good to speak up when racists rant - he is told “ muslims are welcome here mate ! “
yes bringing incompetence to an office near you. stupid.
any doctrine or religion that rejects pluralism and the rights of others to religious freedom should be criticized.
just quietly you are a bit of a knob end me old chap
adapted to modernity by accepting fallibility of religion. muslims must do same to join modern world.
nobody takes you you nazi duffer
you would be good to humanity if you became fertilizer.
where do you live pmsl !
but followers of the old testament that reject the teachings of jesus seem few and far between.
ignorance is the culprit rather than outright racism, in a lot of cases.
i am against blind following of ancient texts preaching euphemism - no more no less.
it seems on that guy is holding a gun not a religion.
to be against a religion is not necessarily to be against a race.
ma'am, whites are very racist. they do not know any difference between muslims/hindus/sikhs
you can not because u r a slimy little nazi
how is that political “ thing going ?
terror is welcome here mate !! lol leftist pussy cowards !!!
there are many who demonstrate a strong argument against both of your points.
our hearts go out to the people of australia and all those affected by the .
00 reward for public assistance seeking criminal investigation
the flag apparently the same flag of ! must be watchful of
are we buying them north face jackets ?
i so scary for the hostages. terrible !
maybe terrorist just wants a parka & amp ; winter mittens !
should we search for the root causes ?
we disagree a lot trudeau. but not today ... well said justin. well said ...
you suck please go away.
plea to media - do not tweet tactical information about police positions in sydney siege
keep they have given away vital info to terrorists before in and operations.
plea to media do not tweet tactical information about police positions in sydney siege
like they did in mumbai attack & amp ; helped terrorists ....
like the cops are now going around the back “ ?
rt plea to media - do not tweet tactical information about police positions in sydney siege ht
because there are still peopled still ignorant of it
plea to media - do not tweet tactical information about police positions in sydney siege ”
why does this even need to be said ??!
couple of blokes standing round kicking types, not much to see.
my insider in the police is a parking inspector from sutherland. he is got nothing for me.
i can not believe the stupidity of what they are showing
it slays me that this even needs to be said. use your heads, people.
. everybody is media. somebody is going to tweet it.
thoughts go out to the people in sydney today ! praying for safety to all those being held hostage .
is coming ... and your follow would be a nice gift follow me ?
do not worry it is okay ; з
is coming ... and your follow would be a nice gift follow me ??
what is going on in sydney ? ¿
hostage situation. thankfully it is over with only 3 casualties including the gunman.
everything will be fine i hope
is coming ... and your follow would be a nice gift follow me ??
did not realism someone already answered
i hope people will be okay
some guys are keeping hostages in some coffee shop in sydney
i love you so much you are so sweet
wow its terrible i hope these people will be okay
sitting in melbourne watching what is going on in sydney ... i bloody hope it ends ok for those poor
too right key prayers with the hostages ! let is hope they emerge unharmed and safe !
horrible mate. great great people.
friend will he a new cause to take up, as soon as he wakes up
world as we note changing quicker than a warner century
sick i reckon prior is behind it all.
is a gentlemen ' game ... it does'nt divers such foolishness .... u r right kp
the world is a fucked up place. let is hope so
our thoughts are with those poor people and their families !
my thoughts are with all the muslim australians having to deal with the islamaphobia around the promoted by media etc
the key word in my tweet to her nathan is “ first “
there is not actually such a thing as a muslim flag.
what a wacko. apologist. sick
because the most important thing in this hostage situation is to not offend muslims
is got to say it. united airlines flight 93 ...
is your country worth it ?
it sickens me that there are sick fucks like still in this country.
too easy being an arm chair critic.
fear is a strong master !
rather than the innocents caught in the, u should be in there singing kumbaya with the islamic psychopath
i would rather know it is islam driven, goes a long way to rid them of us.
i would if i had a gun and a machete to my head.
and your thoughts for the hostages are ...... where ?
i would not hold up an islamic flag ...
the bastard would probably shoot them !
random are also innocent. the acts of a few does not represent them all.
i will save my thoughts “ for the hostages.
i might wrap up some nice juicy bacon with it !
do u think its claus in there with a gun u fucking apologist turd.
do not want that filthy rag anywhere near my shit !
i would wipe my are with the muslim flag. fuck islam !
in the circumstances i doubt up complain. walking out alive would be a priority.
if everyone refused to hold up that flag ...
surprisingly i can do both but then my brain is bigger.
should not have said “ first. “ you did not mention them at all.
ah yeah that is right.
... yeah screw the people who are actually in the cafe, low.
our country is free for the taking because we are cowards.
there is no such thing as an islamic beheading. you are not really dead.
maybe a bit of hatred of muslims would have been a bit of help in the cafe ...
terrified hold up an islamic symbol fuck no.
i would not even wipe my are with it !!!!!
i get what u mean
the 500,000 + muslim-australians are also victims and targets of todays attack .
they are not.
there are real hostages out there. stop being pretentious moron.
actually we if you have not been discriminated against i suggest you do not talk
only if they identify as such.
really are always the victims. even when atrocities are committed by muslims
your enablers 500,000 + muslim-australians are also victims and targets of today attack.
the victims are in that cafe ...
i was thinking that the hostages were the victims. what a fool i am
not supposed to is a stupid notion anyway !
because they are going to be continuously discriminated and verbally abused for none of their actions
the best source for the latest updates on is . follow , & amp ; for transport info
is a gutter superstition that glorifies death and violence !
cut all network inside the cafe. complete news blackout.
here does not really make sense latest is a re tweet ?
shutdown all mobile network in the area. complete news blackout
one of our best sources of reliable news is he has sources everywhere and knows how to verify news
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected in the
i know it is terrible feel so sorry for those in there
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected in the ”
type happy that giving ur support
my thoughts and prayers go out to the people affected in the ” 🙏
its really scary i am like shitting bricks
love your videos we should collar sometime 😏😏
it is over they got everyone out and they are sending in a bomb robot now ☺️
it is finally more news to come though devastating
it is so sad what they are doing to them it is terrible
haron monis , the true muslim , who believes in allah & amp ; muhammad , is terrorizing sydney ,
maybe cut of appeasement politics like in india.
but a little correction.
has become human surely unlike most of her coreligionists who are stuck in that inhuman cult.
was nothing but is altered ego.
i think u r a much they pay u to tweet always against us.
if main murdered his why was he out free ?
it is shame liberal media calling it politically motivated when he is shouting about allah all the time
who are u !!! have u done !!! or still a 😂😂
do not forget to add all muslim all are not like that.
now confirmed why you are on their hit list.!!
still can not fathom why he was given asylum in the first place
this gentleman must be a good friend of the indian media
rightly said true showing power of allah.
this monks commits no atrocity that mo himself did not, so aaron is the perfect-moslem
australians offering support to muslims on public transport who fear racist abuse using the hashtag .
keep kissing their rears.
what would not be happening ?
transporting them out of western countries would be an excellent idea.
very heartening impulse. i hope it helps, makes even a small difference.
is not a race.
you know darn well this would not be happening if the muslims in question were white.
great. should pay thanks with linda swiss chocolates
all my thoughts & amp ; prayers are with the people of sydney .
rt all my thoughts & amp ; prayers are with the people of sydney. “
its all over. many injured but its over. thank u for thinking of us aussies xxx
we are shattered. thanks for caring.
best wishes to the peeps in sydney . d :
there is only on guy so it seems. and yeah it is awful
yeah that is what i heard or at least something like that
in not maybe try searching it ?? im sorry i do not know much about it
babe i live in sydney its sew scary 😱😱😉
yeah no problem lt
makes sense. when and where did he announce it ?
are you from be safe as well !!
ya that is why i was curious because hopefully they still film some in sacramento
its so scary my thoughts go to the hostages
do not you did not do anything to me but thank you anyways
are you moving out of sacramento
best wishes stay safe good luck
plus that is where they will stay when they are in sac
i am just glad it is over and that guy in hell where he belongs
no longer will iii livenear him ,will they keep the ssmashhouse ?
a gunman had 15 hostages in a coffee shop for 17 hours
wow that is terrible. i wish the best for them seriously
there is this terrorist siege and they are holding a number of hostages in this cafe in central sydney
hostages at a i hope they will be alright d :
there is a siege happening right now
people are being held hostage in a candy shop or nothing
why are you so cute and nice and ugh
sydney siege ends : - after 16 hours - 2 dead - 3 injured - status of gunman unknown -1
it has not even been confirmed offs
siege really ? thousands of soldiers blocking the city gates ?
yes but could of it been over a lot sooner ?
looks like 3rd has died in hospital - very sad indeed
has it been confirmed 2 dead ?
has anything changed hardly !...
i would have shot the twat right in his scull if it was my family of friends no problem
shame for the two who died and to injured copper
just realized the tweet and the hash tag contradicted each other !
this is well written and comforting as well .
maybe the wider community should be doing more themselves to stop these things happening
congratulations to them a terrific comment !!
developing : major police operation underway in sydney is central business district :
how many in would do this, you think ?
dear save the pictures for afterwards ! opsec !
4 whole from a supposed major news source.
i do not think you get my point.
someone said it may be the al nasa flag.
you falsely equivocated now with other religions in the past. bad argument.
a reminder from 26 2014 : the government has ignored isis flags raised in the riots.
no i am in but not a good situation !
live coverage on is new zeal and affiliate : - text - video
developing shocking news linda cafe under siege ! sydney is central business district : ”
will for more info after the hockey game is finished
no i am clearly not a fan of any religion as well. stop claiming random things.
please stop telling terrorists what is happening. they tweet too !
major police operation underway in sydney is central business district |
i get your but there will always be “ dark sheep “ within every religion.
nsw premier mike baird says his thoughts and prayers are with the people in the .
fundamentalist religious wing not threatening innocent lives. premier thinks “ prayers “ sensible idea.
. hope everyone will be ok.
prayers for the hostages would be to yahweh, who is also allah.
sydney attack latest : - 8th hour - 5 people escaped gunman demands : - speak to pm - isis
i am sure we got one of those isis flags lying around here somewhere ...
i would love one day to hear a negotiator in one this situation called the perpetrator pussies
so is someone suppose to just pull an isis flag out of their ass ?
made 2 bombs but can not take isis flags with him ? ok, ok
this feels like a false flag
thoughts and prayers with everyone involved in this terrible situation in sydney right now .
the world has gone mad hope they get out safe x
thoughts and prayers with everyone involved in this terrible situation in sydney right now. ”
just frightening. hope they all come out safely.
i am in the uk and can not sleep through thinking about them x
all my thoughts and my prayers with them
keeping everyone in my prayers. so scary
the world has gone mad. stay safe sydneysiders. vx
praying for them we are all brothers and sisters
agreed. we are thinking of everyone in sydney right now. x
it is terrible shocking very sad situation
awful hoping all involved are safe and manage to go home to their families unharmed ... x
the has entered its 14th hour – watch for live updates with .
someone should tell him to go pray, then will catch the scum
do you have a link to a live feed outside the cafe ? please and thank you !
if you promise this a girl he can marry he might give up ?
is not it the 13th hour ?
yes it is not the 14th
join us in prayer
join us in prayer ”
join us in prayer ” for those who do not know what is going on
i will say it again : one trained patron in sydney chocolate shop with a concealed weapon may have prevented
you can not say that ! its as bad as saying reality is real !
rt guns are illegal in the uk “ & lt ; i must have missed the memo.
the govt only bought back guns from legit owners. crims were allowed to keep theirs
yes and how many kids get shot at school because guns are legal in the usa ?
rather than check six some people choose to live with their heads buried in the ground.
all they can do at this point is bite a chocolate bar into the shape of a gun.
yeah ... schools are gun free zones. try again
it is only a matter of time in the uk. it is a slow boil over there.
this made me tear up , i am so proud to be australian .
your i can not believe it, take care
much love and support from germany my hopes are with you
well said. . stand strong “.
no worries thanks for writing such a touching response.
this made me tear up, i am so proud to be australian. ” 😢 touched
this made me tear up, i am so proud to be australian. ”
real. see many terrorists australia has given refuge to ! how soft you are on jihadists ?
this made me tear up, i am so proud to be australian. ” beautiful !
thank you very your support means the world. x
good story and god be with y'all
this made me tear up, i am so proud to be australian. ”
hey mate i am glad my status connected with you and so many others. thanks for sharing.
so the only time u are proud to be an australian is when our nation is under threat
well love from your neighbors in new zeal and, kia kara be strong
the amount of support this tweet is getting is incredible, stick together aussies
careful what you post about sydney siege ; it feeds into bad guys ' actions/reactions . emergency responders need clear
fuck it is what it is
oh you the communication expert who used to feed propaganda into the dept immigration twitter feed ....
breaking some people hate chocolate, christmas, & amp ; women
has a police request been issued to avoid filming/discussing the flag ?
you are part of the problem moron. run along now.
if you are outraged at the telegraph is irresponsible reporting of , complain to the press council here .
which makes him the perfect news ltd editor
should be not sacked
have always been irresponsible with reporting i am surprised they still exist after lawsuits
bad journalism is always morally disgusting. daily telegraph is the worst of the worst.
and whilst they wait for a reply, they can read news ' code of conduct from 2011 :
. the has been rogue for yonks - editor paul whitaker should be sacked
this blatant nonsense only incites more hatred and endangers people is lives !
he is a nasty piece of work. even the people who work there hate him.
when peers give a walkway award for headline journalism i am not optimistic this will change.
australia is leader tony abbott addresses ; no questions from the media taken
it was true. in everything it is up side down
the religion of peace strikes again
well down under is below the equator. everything is upside down silly
is not ... is not trained to answer them. 😊
no questions from media taken. great this is no question time !
is leader tony addresses ; no questions from the media taken
. is all the police tape in australia upside down as well ?
maybe the is a “ working document “.
why is the police tape up-side down ? ?
at best hiding behind woman
did not know tony takes media questions ever, he ai not trained to answer them ...
media is only concerned for the religion of the flag- not the safety of the trapped innocent hostages !
the grand mufti of australia issues a statement condemning the
it does help people to realism extremists do not represent the majority
via a page of info & amp ; links re
whatever. bend over for mufti cultural ism. hope you keep your head. others have not.
grand mufti : the grand mufti of australia issues a statement condemning the ”
enjoy your liberal delusions. meanwhile the terrorist was muslim and did this for islam. fact.
for only you can buy 3k followers.
the grand mufti of aaustraliaissues a statement condemning the ”
the grand mufti of issues a statement condemning the
has a grand mufti “ ? well there is you are problem. g would
i am sure that will help.
what if they are born ?
the grand mufti of australia issues a statement condemning the ”
native oz is all i needed to hear. * sigh *
who is the guy holding the handbag in the photo ?
i can check under your bed for the boogie man if you like. get a grip.
condemnation means nothing demand the criminal(s) release the hostages !
terrifying news of the back home . thinking of our country and it is people .
so horrible hoping a peaceful, safe resolution comes about soon
is so scary . k. d.ndkindfreaked to be living here rnrn
all my love from england x
i know it is so awful what is happening right now !!!
the world is a scary place. hoping everyone involved is alright. horrible news to wake up to
hope everything is sorted out and everyone is unharmed, thinking of everyone
it is horrible people are being racists dicks about it. it is disgusting.
if this man was a christian we would be focusing on his mental health not his religion . why not
even if he was white with any other religion or none. bloody infuriating
two recent sieges in one in melbourne, but no christianophobia
because there is no global network of radical christians beheading children, capturing slaves and killing innocents
religious extremist gt mental health on tv ratings scale
also means must be personally responsible for all catholic ira atrocities
in they just shoot up schools w. little kids/teachers/students/office workers/everyday people/unarmed black people
i think you are trivializing this on.
that is an excellent point.
i think that is being proved to be correct dave.
police are requesting that no photos of the lindt cafe siege are shared on social media
can you re tweet that request from the police. i would love to see it
police are requesting that no photos of the linda cafe siege are shared on social media "
but the media are to broadcast it lives ?
thinking of the people in martin place in sydney right now , and for the police , etc having to
i hope that beheading are not the case !
it is. i am watching it on the news right now
there is a siege and people are being held hostage in the city !! i am freaking out !
n there are who have taken 13 people and keeping them as hostages
well i hope you are okay, are your family worried ?
n there are who have taken 13 people and keeping them as hostages
he should be following us already ... 😭😭
i know this is just so gaidjsjak !!
wait were is this 😦
somebody has a gun to his head apparently oh gosh
and anyone else in to
there is a person in a cafe holding people hostage etc.
oh that is just what iv read on the news sites
yeah i heard about that - where most muslims are apparently
i feel sorry for them & amp ; all the other innocent people being held in hostage
i just heard they have been having raids 😓
they now want talk to our prime minister on tv
the people in the store i mean
i think everything is going to be ok
some guy has gone into the eye hospital and he is missing. this is all so ominous
its honestly horrible in so sad for the people inside in watching the news right now
me too. have to admit though. pretty smart of them
really mg. i am really scared, apparently some stuff has been reported in other suburbs in sydney
n there are who have taken 13 people and keeping them as hostages
that is not appropriate right now
oh my god that is scary
that is horrible fucking terriosts 😤 iii hopethey are stopped before they can do more harm omg
3 of the hostages 4 wounded and the bad guy is now dead
oh my god stay safe
oh stay safe x
3 of the hostages 4 wounded and the bad guy is now dead
apparently a store has been held hostage
it is in channel 7 (in australia)
let is hope nothing else horrible happens to them
like an attack people are not allowed on trains, planes are not allowed to fly !!
what is going to happen to the people in the cafe mg ?!?
okay sorry gee i just read it
wow this is really at least you are far away
wait u do not get it, what is a siege ? ahah sorry
people are being held hostage in a chocolate shop in the sd, forced to hold islamic state flag
this is not its rude disturbing and not appropriate at all.
i hope nothing has happened in there
that is so hopefully they do not come near you !! omg
no planes can leave and no trains boarded and no cars allowed leaving or come into the city
i feel sorry for everyone involved. even for the terrorists
yeah. i feel sorry for all the peaceful muslims
yeah someone told mere they still being held ?
3 of the hostages 4 wounded and the bad guy is now dead
3 of the hostages 4 wounded and the bad guy is now dead
i hope everyone is it is only been an hour and a half
n there are who have taken 13 people and keeping them as hostages
i just turned on the news & amp ; oh my god it does seem really terrifying
i had to stop watching. gonna watch youtube for a bit
look at how many people are there
in there are who have taken 13 people and keeping them as hostages
i know thoughts are with them 💘💕
the police have been raiding houses suspected of being terrorist
there is a terrorist attack happening there 😞
no like suburbs. i think they said
no but i live like half an hour away i am watching live on the news !
i can not believe this was justin beer is first tweet -
i am praying.
that is really not appropriate rn
do not worry i will !!!!
tony is a butt. but he does ok
oh god i hope your all okay
i am watching the news now, they have said nothing about it. the beheading was weeks ago
me too. nothing has been reported which is good
mg shit that is scary, an attack of what though ?
why have you not followed me yet friend
because they had themselves believe something that is not true and they have taken that to the extremes
i am scared something rash is going to happen while on live television
what time is it there ? like 11am ?
and all surrounding offices and the opera house have been evacuated !
horrifying news about sydney hostages please remember to only blame the individuals involved not the religion they claim to operate
they are not coming home today, you need to get your priorities straight.
i know i was saying it is scary at what is happening
so important for someone like you to say this mate, thank you
thank you for saying it as a lot of people misinterpret these things
this makes me really mad low
hope you and all the people you know and work with are ok
it is so scary what is happening
well said well said
true people do not understand that is it is extremists within the religion and not the whole religion
their faces say it all . continues more & gt ;
their faces say it all. continues more sgt ; ”
if you had an ounce of consideration, they are faces would be blurred out.
they will not be fancying chocolate ever again “ : their faces say it all continues more ”
and still no cleric peers sent in to talk him down, what is going on here ?
uber is a pile of garbage .
you are really passionate about user is marginal revenue in the midst of a crisis.
sigh user is a pile of garbage. ”
the hostages are not able to get into a user, are they ?
you still have not explained why the needy ones are the rich people who can afford the costs
in extraordinary we apply different moral criteria.
it decreases the supply of rides for desperate people when they are most needed
love the market until it negatively impacts them ...
agree ... in times that are outside of human nature everyone should only make rational based decisions ...
surge pricing is great. using and then bragging about it when lives are at stake is disgusting.
needs a hard cap like baseball.
but then why would they provide a service if they are not making any money ?
what is the choice how do you get enough drivers to pick everybody up without surge pricing ?
is acting as if they have no choice ... they have a choice
you were doing so well with rational arguments and then you pulled this. disappointing
this does not increase the supply of drivers, only raises the piece for scared riders.
if you have not already deleted the app : : user is a pile of garbage.
pulling ... what it is a simple example of what happens when you remove price mechanisms.
are lives at stake ?
why are you so confident about this ? people respond to incentives in so many situations
all good. and debate is a good thing.
arguing that moral info does not impact human decisions is extremely naive.
all user has to do is not take their 20% cut in these situations.
and it only took you 983 tweets to say that.
and by your argument would not impact supply at all.
plus i do not have any information to suggest that people other than the hostages are in danger
while not achieving any of the egalitarian objectives you think it accomplishes
this seems mostly like a computer automated thing ...
is designed to solve a problem about maximizing efficiency under normal circumstances.
what does day to day at the bronx have to do with a specific terrorist situation ?
cheap how about regular pricing considering people are fleeing an active gunman.
encourage people to do as much charity as possible, then let the marketplace fill in the gaps.
you do not grasp how user works if you think its profiteering.
it is all about the fans, man.
same pay to drivers so they are helping “ get drivers on the street “
its not like some driver says “ here is a great chance to make big money ! “
free markets help the poor. they create supply where otherwise there would be nothing but shortages.
the hostages certainly are. this is not new year is eve or a broken train.
why would there be no cabs ?
and none at all “ is not the alternative
i agree man ... what other choice does user have in this rare and random instance ....
what is the alternative ? better to have expensive transportation than none at all
this is a really important basic point in economics that most people do not seem to grasp
i just deleted the this is bs.
like i moral obligation of drivers to give rides to those in danger is independent of pricing
both are the same to economists : a supply shortage due to an external intervention in the market.
: police have confirmed sydney hostage taking is over .
police have confirmed sydney hostage taking is over. ”
good police have confirmed sydney hostage taking is over. ”
live : " people panicking ; told to stay indoors when everyone wants to return home "
and yet they all stand around like rubberneckers ?
in we call that “ rubber necking “
exactly. there is no panic
and yet everyone is watching ... mummy
not really much panic except perhaps for hostages and muslim women facing xenophobic attacks
does not look like the are panicking ,,, they would like a piece of news too.
fucking pussy just go in and shoot the hostage takers dead and be done with it ! !
and yet your photo shows everyone standing around calmly and watching the situation unfold. stop sensationalizing
sydney is muslim leaders express their concerns ; organisations have offered to help in ' any way they can '
no in not kidding you little girl, stop being so naive.
fuck that kill them all and let god sort them out.
waiting 4 peaceful to speak out in horror at the terrorist in australia ...........
if it were a flag that was being held up, no one would be calling this terrorism
oh here we there is always one ... kkk would be considered terrorism as well you idiot
would it replace the muslim man with a white man, would it be called terrorism ?
really somehow i can not believe it.
extremists are no longer part of the religion, it is just an excuse for them.
wow do you really think the kkk and isis are in the same league.
why i have no fucking idea
wants us to respect and understand them.
they do not know who the extremists are ! muslims are not bad people, extremists are !
i have never seen this ! this is fucking awesome !
leaving the country would be a start
the hardly get as much media coverage as muslim extremists do, because they are white
they killed people. if they had bombs i am sure they would kill the same amount.
there are so many terrorism crimes done by christian, white men, yet no one calls it terrorism
now you
please. do you think that the pope should report the kkk for all they do ?
religious leaders are fully aware of the warning signs of radicalization yet fail to report it.
to think h wants to reach out to this ppm ?? & gt ; ·
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages –
help. who do they wanna help ?
not being a generalizing narrow minded as swipe
help. who do they wanna help ? ” obviously the police & amp ; authorities
i wont be standing by and letting this shit happen in my country.
who do they want to help ? and concern ?!
stop racism now . sydney is a beautiful multicultural city please share this for me and help sydney .
stop conflating religion with race.
please do not be sad ♡
people of does it right ! such a heartfelt gesture
racism is an ugly of course i will re tweet and share.
and 3rd go to a muslim country and see how tolerant and multicultural they are.
i love that things like this end up trending worldwide !!! this is so beautiful ❤️
so is chopping off people is heads ! religion of peace or else we chop off some heads !!!
restores my faith in humanity ! & lt
love ╦═╗╚╗║║║║ ║ ╠╣╚╝╝╝╝╩ ╩╝╩═╝😄🎀😄🎀😄🎀
religious leaders meet at lakemba mosque in sydney to pray for hostages
we do not kill. we got killed
why do not you just keep your absurd prejudices to yourself ?
bet they have a bomb too
promotes peace not violence ,,, pray for hostages
peace gets an opportunity with every death
refer this seen 1971 in bush. stupidity is to allow traitors of human race to proliferate
absurd prejudices whole has something wrong in many levels. do not be stupid please.
religious leaders meet at lakemba mosque in sydney to pray for hostages ”
religious leaders meet at lakemba mosque in sydney to pray for hostages ”
i do not believe in the muslim leader. he is applying taqqiyah right now ?
thats how it should be !
religious leaders meet at lakemba mosque in sydney to pray for hostages ”
religious leaders meet at lakemba mosque in sydney to pray for hostages ”
very important to do this in that terrible moment.
happy to see these especially after tweeting this 10 hrs ago rt
religious leaders meet at lakemba mosque in sydney to pray for hostages ”
ya their smiling faces show their concern.
god bless all the hostages being held in sydney today .. i pray that this all ends well and nobody
this is just praying nothing bad will happen
is this what tweeted about hope all get back to there families safe and unharmed😔xo
i am watching it on tv right now
badly there got people hurt innocent people
what is happening where are the hostages ?
what is happening in ?
is jail being held hostage 😱 .aaandthatis why he has not tweeted
the crowd and media at martin place . photo by
the crowd do not have my sympathy if they get injured !
the crowd and media at martin place. photo by ” stay safe ! ~
chamberlain and “ appeasement ” you dick wit troll
go home rt : the crowd and media at martin place. photo by ”
i do not think you know what is actually happening mate
i do what i like ... now bugger off
all those people and the media should go away, leave the police to do their jobs.
i don’t think you care about what’s happening, just spamming
stay away the crowd and media at martin place. photo by ”
except chamberlain being an appeaser is bs
he was just into seattle
if we are hated for anything it should be our culture of rubber necking
please help us to harrow plea from hostage inside cafe
before , during , and after the . muslims are australian .
i love u add me on facebook my id
your learn to spell before talking shit
thats why i wont tell you
hostages were taken in a cafe in sydney.
no need to twist this is you are religion honey
are and every other religion, bob. i understand why this must be said today.
. reporter describes the scene outside lindt cafe in
oh. rt reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in
i am surprised one is set up a barbie yet.
beers and series what ?? what is the world become ?!
the society we live in “ :. reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in ”
some people have become so desensitized. they think it is a movie or something
that reference. as an that sort of is how it feels.
i just think it is a tad hypocritical of the ' journo ' to be passing judgment
reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in ”
yep. it is a worrying thought. reality is stranger the fiction.
humiliated on the global stage : “ : reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in ”
i think you can just about compare buzz feed that way ...
send those taking series into the building as trade offs !! sickos !!!
today is culture rt reporter describes the scene outside llindacafe in
not a fan of the media camped there either
the world is broken :. reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in ”
because mt reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in
i do not know man. it is disturbing
those people are awful rt :. reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in
charming. reporter describes the scene outside linda cafe in ”
yep. and that episode scared me so much. thought of it straight away ... 😐
our illustrious leaders have told australian is to behave normally. so they are.
just a grade idiot - why do the police not move them on for impeding the operation
the fact that i see " thank god 5sos and 1d are not in sydney " pisses me off even
a terrorist has taken eleven people hostage in a restaurant. it is pretty scary
what is going on in sydney
and people only care about the fact that 1d or 5sos is not there
i hope everything works out fine, do not worry they are in my prayers
i live in and i did not know until now mfg
it is so scary mg. why are people so bad ? i can not get it.
exactly are not the only people in the world that matter this world is fucked up
me neither. it is frustrating that people do this
i mean get it
i hope they are okay !!
same. according to the news they are trying to get the hostages out now.
there is a terrorist siege. it is shit scary
it is. people can be so rude
yeah. some people have to sort out there priorities
someone holding hostages in a cafe
the has been going on for over 13 hours . it is now 11:05 pm local time in sydney .
great reporting by what a class act !
great reporting by ! what a class act ! ” thanks for those kind words.
it is awful. poor hostages and their families
this is not a religious or a racial issue , it is an insane individual making insane actions . dont
lie down and die ... then the jihad is over ... i think that is how it works ?
sadly you cannot reason with extremists
the important thing is that we all realize what wonderful people matt & amp ; danielle are.
humans invented religion. what is your point ?
i apologize for having this convoy with an ignorant person obviously there is no way you will at least
as much we have a bad muslims, you have a bad christians too !
how did you work out the jihad is not a religious issue ?
yes but do it like a real muslim. make taker upon caliph and murder him justly !
why do not u he conversation with
we had lies apologists in canada blathering the same shit after the mtv/ottawa attacks.
woman cracked right we areairier
he started balanced but later became bleeding heart psycho leading own people to death
yes. read the flag.
warrant is politically correct. enough said. it is about affectation.
we let threaten us with murder in sydney ... do not blame themes (same head band)
of course not. where did i suggest that ?
an insane individual who wants an isis flag.
you have your i have my own.
the jihad is over when i stop criticizing jihad ?
gee he looks like a “ white australian “ ohhhhhh you so racist against muslims ... low
do not listen to an idiot man who claim that he know islam very well !
explain the verse of the sword please. lets start with that
this tweet lured out the racist worms from the woodwork.
maybe he got his ideas from the extremists who misinterpret the koran.?
was a very weird cat
will you ride with him holding that sign apparently a lot of lefties would
swords are out of date. try this for islamic extremism :
do tell the
it is a religious issue when his motives are islamic hegemony.
start there. or would you prefer to discuss your pestilent kaddish ?
bleeding heart called for hindu/sikh holocaust : page 43
so you give him the isis flag.
so you agree with me ...
has it been established that this guy is actually a muslim ? serious question. remembering andes brain.
it’s clearly religious. you’re in denial if you think otherwise. read the koran. i have.
what are you critiquing “ ? religion or islam ?
this insane individual was inspired by ... let me guess, a disney movie ?
is it not mentioned in the koran jihad ?
apologists like are only too happy to lay down and die. leave them to it.
throughout worldwide history
all religions suffer one common affliction that renders them imperfect. humans. the only problem with religion
make war on the infidels who dwell around you. ” sure 9:123
leading the lambs to the slaughter with a smile ?
and do not even bring duran if u have not read the whole thing
better stop having sex before marriage ya fucking yobbo, nobody sane listens to their stupid religious books.
... oh it is a translation issue is it ? taqqiya ... next ply
all of the above. there just happens to be a particular religion that is relevant to the.
this more people like you in this world, please.
if u want to know what does it mean i can tell u
he was but the article is more like an apologist for the british empire
what is the meaning of “ khawarij “ in who is a are they❔what their goals
should slay the caliph for making islam look bad and misinterpreting allan’s word.
americans saying this would have never happened if citizens had guns : you morons . guess how many school shootings
get away what do u think tories use for clay, pigeon camp ; duck shooting ??
15 thousand murders r committed with legal firearms. pales in comparison to school shootings
all in zones. we need more literate maniacs.
... surely can not be far behind ?
. enlightened societies do not allow their people to run around like goddamn cowboys. fact.
would you prefer bows and arrows ?
once again they need a license and are regulated
what about or george ??
how can i refute that evidence i have got nowhere to go
is midas touch she can turn an unpalatable piece-of-shit into an unpalatable pm piece-of-shit !
case for the affirmative “ tony abbott ... pm ! “ i rest my case !
you mean like the cowboy running around that linda store right now ?
can not argue with that.
indeed. she must have a nightmare of a job.
it is why i do not bag credit, image abbott without her to supervise him
yanks as a group are incredibly stupid
only to a bleating liberal is this situation in sydney " unexpected " to those of us who understand the
as long as it is afternoon prayer lad or your tag will go off
not only is your comment disgusting it is also wrong.
did the authorities have prior knowledge ?
i would like to give my sympathy for your sheer ignorant bias.
you are and you serve the synagogue of satan. traitor.
8 weeks today till my freedom
is a are bringing the rag heads in. jews are devils from hell.
another silly did you know jews are all colors but mostly white ?
time the real like cameron saw that these men are the islamic army & amp ; was.
amp physically by “ news “ & amp ; falsely arrested & amp ; persecuted !
go away you anti nutter. blocked.
separate are not white. learn about genetics, ignoramus.
time ply ignore cultural terrorism by evangelists in remote village converting poor in name of god.
breaking : police say is " over , " fate of remaining hostages is unknown
breaking police say is “ over, “ fate of remaining hostages is unknown ”
praying for those who were held hostage in sydney. .
breaking police say is “ over, “ fate of remaining hostages is unknown ”
pm tony abbott has just provided an update on . here is the transcript :
pm tony has just provided an update on. here is the transcript : ”
well that is a massive simplification of it.
telling to not be alarmed, if only we had bodyguards like he does.
pm tony has just provided an update on. here is the transcript via
you have no proof or evidence that that is even a factor in this standoff.
the want to talk to the pm and bring the isis flag
inside source the demand is that aussies pull out of the middle east
a professional response.
pm tony has just provided an update on. here is the transcript : ”
why say all this while there are still hostages ! ?????????? ?????
name of gunman has been revealed-a man w/violent history of 50 sexual assault charges & amp ; on bail ,
probably because of his ' human rights ' or/and those pc preaching do-gooders who infest officialdom and authority
with these kinds of charges - how is he out on bail ??
we could however start talking about him being misled primarily by hateful religious discourse, correct ?
whoa meditation is pretty cool.
not but the hostage situation ... yeah.
sounds like a disenfranchised creep to me.
do not talk about cut u do not know anything
u missed the bit about him being a cleric.
i am afraid i was ionizing.
it seems very odd to me.
also claimed to be an expert in astrology and black magic.
you missed the part of him being a self proclaimed cleric. my dog is one too :
a holy man wholly unpleasant and utterly wicked !
maybe you can promote this too
sounds like a religious issue to me. also immigration.
and still free bane of democracy that lets criminals walk free
gunfire and explosions have been heard as armed police stormed the lindt cafe building in sydney
turn out to be mentally ill on day release.
stop him he is getting away !!!
being given were hostages harmed ???!!
imagine how rubbish these morons would be if they did not have their peaceful theology to guide them
my money is on this guy being an absolute amateur.
it is over 1 hostage dead and the camel fucking rag head as well
by the guy sat on twitter. you are fucking finished
gunman was reportedly " extremely agitated " , shouting as some hostages escaped .
sad times really can not wait till aliens arrive
and let authorities deal with it in a suitable and appropriate manner
do not negotiate get him on camera and hack his fucking head off then send it to jockstrap john
is not that barbaric “ ?
that is the same country that banned it is people from watching any of the world is revolutions
whatever happened to fair trials ?
china love watching the world burn that is why
we as humans need to evaluate how we are letting other humans suffer at the hands of tyrants
government should have never gotten rid of the nut houses.
hack his head off and send it to allah 👍
you think will go to war with russia ?
did beings family get a far trail
yes is testing the water at the minute regarding switching there beacons off to other air traffic
thank because without there backing western governments would have got rid of assad long before now
is a big putin tyranny and dictatorship has gone in for far too long 😠😠
tyrants before but they need assad as he is an ally of israel. simple.
sanctions will only make matters worse plus china refusing entry to our diplomats is not too good either
and the mod still millions into israel for drone technology knowing how they have been tested on civilians
and chemical attacks by and his regime ?
bombs will not fix only innocent people will suffer
as if it was an explosive belt automatic tripping all its hostages dead
is that gunmen not a muslim
really hope hostage are rescued . but worth noting most jihadi victims are muslims
and many are killed and injured. often.
has def become a much more racist place from what i have been hearing. sad
bro i do not know about boston and norway incident
why is that worth noting “ ? does that make it all ok then ?
topic was jihads attacks and yes jihad fuckers have killed many people from australia and r real threat
and how many jihads have u faced ?
again another person straight on the defense ...
it means jihads will kill anyone who stand in their way
they will kill anyone. you do not need to qualify it.
yes cos the and norway incident were both carried out of muslims rite ?
amp most jihad perks are they jehovah witnesses or methodists ?
because we are talking about jihad violence
i wonder who commits the most terrorist acts. excluding governments.
okay cunt it was australians killed in bali by jihads ...... now fuck off ya loser
and that is it is in the book.
then why u mention for ya cunt ? that is not australia
i guess we also have to exclude male violence against women and girls.
well said sadly sunny has become very polarizing recently. he even attacks british jews for israel is behavior
why is it worth noting ?
the tortured mind of a liberal.
us guys i am neither muslim nor in australia
ignore everything before the but.
sympathies to all in australia - you guys gonna suffer in what is already a badly racist country
to americans saying the would not be happening if citizens had gun rights ... you are right , it would
your claim that more violence occurs after gun bans needs more work.
i do not know why that statement is so funny. probably because it is true
been watching from the us in the last week.
true. i guess it comes down to who is holding the gun then
because nobody in gets shot, ever. what a nation of halfwits.
not just blind about guns.
first link i clicked on google.
another cause i am bored some research before u call my comments rubbish makes u look silly.
it is so hard to fathom how a majority could condone that ! just insane
but it does keep guns to a minimum.
after watching the us news since ferguson, it is just so terrible to contemplate that it is possible
that is not research “. please
which statement i would hate to think either were funny
i genuinely think half that country is just itching to shoot themselves a person of color.
i have lived and there is a reason i never crossed the mason-dixon southbound.
is a right wing institution. come on you can do better.
where do you get that rubbish ?
how nice of you to say
macho i think.
those poor people have been in there for 11 hours . sending all our strength and love .
thank you for thinking of us in australia it means so much x
i agree i second that
whats troubling about the time elapsing is that this man has to sleep - could make things more dangerous
start and boot these apologists for islamic extremists off please
i think they are between a rock and a hard place
keep the political issues with govt. notinnocentstaken hostage.
i think they have been asked not to say anything inflammatory as it is still an active situation
i think the 7. 62 might be a bit more effective than love and prayers
you continue to accept muslims full stop. pull your head out of the sand
i can not believe how the media thinks that they can get into the head of this terrorist
i do not think that is gonna be very helpful to them
only the soldiers of islam have the guts to bravely face women armed with coffee mugs .
and shoot a 14 schoolgirl in the head
such a bunch of cowards !
why is free and he is not ? rt if he should be free
. kinda like cops shooting innocent black kids armed with skittles.
we execute people for that. no trial. just like the taliban. america ! f yeah !
so brave are not they ...
dangerous sensationalism because someone says he is does not make him so.
hijack the thread mike brown was more into handguns and forty founders.
stupid attempt to tarnish the image of islam stopped lied
a radical muslim wants to chop off your head . a moderate muslim wants a radical muslim to chop off
ignore it like you do ?
the hostage taker is ' us ', that is ' a muslim. '
and both will fuck your goat.
this is disgusting. they do not represent us
not comparable because it is not an endemic and systematic issue as it is in your faith
so then do something about them.
no of course not. i was referring to the folly of ignoring the escalation of violent fundamentalism/wahabism
breaking : terrorist involved in sydney siege is 50 year old iranian known as isheikh haron ' .
it is time for him to go to allah
this mother fucker looks demented from his looks he sure does have mental issues kill him now
i think it is time to shake this and other seas
that explains his headband rt : terrorist involved in sydneysiege is 50 yo iranian known as sheikh aaron
yes to reunite with his virgin goat
is still alive i think a drone can take care of that.
.... time for a lead suppository !
at least so it was before obamacare, you are helped free in any emergency-room in the us.
it is a shame that australians gave up all their guns on orders of the government . now only isis
i am referring to events when israelis civilians shot terrorists during attacks.
but somehow the world do not see it that way liberty for all not victims are us
as opposed to where civilians actually stop terrorists
you might want to sort out gun related deaths in your own country before you worry about ours.
' cops ' they are spooked brave
what is spooked brave mean ?
. how many civilians stopped terrorists on american soil with their guns ?
it was not on the order of the government, the people wanted it ...
guns are still available to purchase ... on internet even
the way things are going taking guns from people is plane stupid
weep for media credibility . the australian is was tweeting channel 9 reports of 2gb ray hadley is ' rumours
the egg has 19 followers. that is all.
similar small brains ... or poorly connected synapses in both cases, mike
something wrong with anyone who listens to harley
real test for do they run with audience grabbing speculation or wait for credible facts ?
the and they can not lose what they do not have.
mediocre is putting it a bit high ...
weep for media credibility. tweeting channel 9 reports of harley is ' rumors. ' ”
and the winner of the rebekah brooks clone award :
i wonder why people who have members in the siege call ray harley not other media
and i still miss him on bbc
. i feel 4 the relatives of the hostages.
facts what have facts got to do with it ?? shame ms mark son shame
and the news limited alarmist headlines do anything but help.
i think we all know the answer to that
nobody with an gt ; 100 actually listens to ray harley, do they ?
go hide under a rock i would rather listen to ray harley wakes up to yourself
nothing that does has any credibility. i do not anything has been lost.
if they waited for credible facts, news corp papers would be empty.
people that prefer to listen to ray harley are generally classified as morons
according to 2 hostages phoned. hadley was on air at right time, that’s all
do your self a far, stop tweeting !!!!
daily terror would never let facts get in the way a headline.
no wonder people do not buy newspapers anymore.
no sorry i bet you are an abc lover mike carlton hanger on how sad what a loser !!!!!!!!!!!
grow up and go hide under a rock
to be it does not claim to be a peer reviewed journal
is really m. ?
and the reseeded it. amateurs !
i do not think we should be tweeting and re-tweeting these front page headlines !
why did not brand ' metadata know this was going 2 happen
sydney trains train driver here . never be afraid to let me know if you are having problems .
you are what is known in these parts as a top bloke
you should get your train driver colleagues to announce in the trains tomorrow
pictured : gunman man haron monis , on bail over murder of ex-wife
it strange how one can not re tweet some things
ugly fucker like all his race and creed.
gunman on bail over murder of ex-wife ”
rt gunman monks, on bail over murder of ex-wife
how can you be on bail for murder .... words fail me.
hope he is dead the mug
charged for murder and out on bail ?????
where are your snipers take the muslim out asap !
why was not he deported after initial criminal offenses. leniency does not pay !
looks like a nice guy.
wh now confirming with me president obama has been briefed on by homeland security and counterterrorism chief lisa monaco
is there anything to indicate an orchestrated attack such as elsewhere in australia or the world ?
but the game is not on espn
news is running out of things to report. information overload.
surprised has not sent rev sharp ton to comfort iranian brother @ refugee
is a majority country ... we would not invade our allies.
did they break into ?
see this open =
finally something he does not have to learn in tomorrow is newspaper
is not she the latest bond girl ?
briefed i always thought that he found out about these things by reading the newspaper ....
why so they have reason to go and invade an islamic faith country ?
what does it have to do with obama ? oh yeah, he is a muslim.
i can sleep easy thank you.
now off to the golf course !
. come on whip up more fear ! this is the result of abbott is foreign policy alignment with
i hope this did not interrupt his sunday night card game.
quite obi referring to us there queen.
he is and flexing his red-line
why is this is problem do not australia has a govt ? ? y'all silly as hell
oh guide. guess he will need to condemn israel for houses or something else to deflect
oh great now is going to give us another lecture about islam
phew i feel much safer now.
all our love , support and prayers to sydney & lt
i love you so mooch guys ! i am so proud, you are so amazing & lt
extremist have kidnapped 50 people in a cafe in sydney ... 😔😭
can someone please tell me what is going on in sydney
stand with australia-one monarch , one lanaguage , shared culture & amp ; history live sydney updates
making me feel so sick.
thank you and god bless all of us. more importantly - god bless our queen
saying a prayer for all those caught up in this latest terrorist attack ... standing with you australia.
i would not what is their to worry about ?
your commend of the english language is not too hot either.
. further evidence that racists always have a worse commend of english than the average immigrant
start exterminating filth.
what a fool ! can not spell and plays the race card.
god blesses the queen god bless australia & amp ; uk may the lord deliver us from evil.
both under attack by filth.
just wait ... bimbos will find a link to hostage crisis to rss or vhp or some hindu jagran manch
off topic. i think news is trolling it gives news bit at dog when searching for him
or coal mines in australia, black clothes worn by terrorists, black flag. eureka !
their reporters will update ross is written in urdu on that flag
they are already on the job details tonight
or the fallout of upward mobile hindus in australia
yes reaction to arrest of. just misguided talent
will request go to release to resolve this incident.
today paid media discussion would ignore, aussie attack & amp ; continue to focus on ross/hp
just went past 12 hours since this started . we all just want to see everyone out safely .
if terrorists continue to act up, then maybe dick cheney should run in 2016.
solid work ms congratulations.
can you take down that crap islamic backdrop for your interviews ... pathetic ch 7
is this a true post ?
day for you guys as well as hostages. someone presses fast forward please ...
you are doing an excellent job under extreme circumstances god bless
you are doing a great job
torture is uncomfortable and unpleasant. even i could live through it.
you are coverage today has been fantastic. should be very proud of yourself. keep going.
if we did we would have to listen to the nonsense about terrorists civil rights being violated
has anything changed are we any closer ?
you are doing an amazing job stay strong and stay safe
not if they are dead (the terrorists, not the victims) .
be safe beautiful. all doing an amazing job
you are doing just an incredible job in very tough circumstances.
you are doing a brilliant job today mel.
well ... almost everyone. one person should learn there are consequences to actions.
deploy the deploy the shellfire missiles, they are armed and ready to blast terrorists.
more are upset about km had 2 b tortured than by these bastards !
my 80 yr old refugee uncle and aunt were 4 days in siege 26/11 - its horrible
things getting ugly ... a racist bloke yelling at rest of the crowd , " muhammed is a pedophile ,
and was a rapist and pedophile.
that cannot be helpful no.
immaculate conception is history. islam is not a race. try keep up.
thanks for being unafraid to speak the truth, brother. we are all in this together.
that is all the police need to be dealing with at the moment !
so is the catholic church.
it blocked me.
. is a useless racist nitwit. that is why i blocked.
nothing to do with race ... yet again ... it is a religion .... not a race !
you are absolutely correct and you just got a new follower !
good point. you just got a new follower !
um but is a pedophile and a rapist/ not really racist
except those acts are illegal in civilized countries, not so much in 7th century islamic hell-holes
. you mean a truth teller ?
and you. greetings from !
not helping an already tense situation, but no doubt he is had an artful of appeasement !
is not a race.
. even if is not based on joseph.
indeed. great usa and new zeal and - all good friends.
that he was and the tradition is carried on today by his followers
the as defense league is encouraging racists to visit martin place
and you will die at the hands of your muslim terrorist friends
how far away is this crowd from the cafe ?
yes but had sex with camels
the camel fucker and muslims are terrorist animals
it is a death cult that should be made illegal
do not pray to a camel fucker for me just go back to the desert
you are the only one who has mentioned race by presuming i am ' white '. idiot.
white ppl , stop paralysis of analysis . all these flags say same thing : isis = saudi = taliban
i think you are right but i know what he means, he is referring to western countries.
so what left right francois flag.
is like saying a cross = england = jamaica = denmark = first aid = treasure
what r white ppm doing to stop analysis ??? that claim is ridiculous !! 💥
eat at is for friendly nonviolent service.
you have got the wrong flag on this occasion.
brotherhood .....
all these flags say the same thing , and we ,e gonna,lminate teliminateeeliminatednentlpermanently
the real problem is that people are giving it credence. it is the flag of cunts
talking like that in my opinion just incites racism
heartfelt thoughts with the hostages of the & amp ; their families .
wants to send you 1 safe passage (5,719 bits/$2. 00) collect
here is to the hostages getting safe passage on this day
an imam , a rabbi and a priest have just held a joint prayer session for the hostages at lakemba
and the rabbi said to think i came here to get away from all this bullshit “.
that is fantastic. it is also the start of some of my favorite jokes.
what utter rubbish tokenism. milking a tragic situation.
more religious leaders united no one needs more terrorism
congrats on your tweet !
now they got a siege in belgium. better say a prayer for them too ....
rabbi and priest have just held a prayer session for the hostages at lakemba mosque
i wish it were. it is actually quite horrific.
why are these guys grinning ? what is so funny ?
a terrorist attack in sydney . a major police operation is under way in sydney , australia .
its all over i r safe i.
its all sub he updated ...!
i am not australian but i am so happy there are people like this in the world .
bull they are scared like hell.
video : police storm cafe in sydney .
he is in heaven with those 70 virgins
another good example why we should all train and conceal carry every day.
video police storm cafe in sydney. ” damon
yup more private citizens carrying will end the problem quicker than the u.s. court system
i hope the scent the bastard to hell shredded by 5. 56mm bullets
video police storm cafe in sydney. ” dam sounds like a war zone !
were those grenade flashes ? gun fire flashes ?
... stormed the place where some hostages are still being held ?
video police storm cafe in sydney. ”
hope they shot the sob right between the eyes.
one one down. situation over.
update : a woman who managed to scramble from the appears understandably to be still in shock .
r u serious this form 10
oh have u found out where she lives ? maybe u can harass her in her home !
on they said 2 hostages in this pic
so then stop shoving cameras in the poor girls face !
why is not her face being pixilated ???
would not u be stupid comment to make !
i feel so sorry for these innocent victims ! imagine the fear.
compassion of a nation will trump an individual is attempt at terror .
hi i love you so much !
compassion of a nation will trump an individual is attempt at terror. ”
come to in here
hope fr humanity is restored when ppm like u are alive ! ❤️
compassion of a nation will trump an individual is attempt at terror. ” 🙏 & llet
you are so hot. like me.
it is hard to even call these terrorists “ humans “
we have no info , police want calm , everything is speculation , and this paper wants more sales .
newspapers are for sale with a view to profit, just like all capitalist produced commodities.
like the bad little news corpse drones they are.
paper ' warrants this reaction ! disgusting.
that is always been their go
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
wiping is too good for it.
being the least trusted newspaper in australia is hard work
i wonder if they have paid for or attributed that photo ?
bbc ideal headline " devout muslim trapped by coffee extremists in sydney "
i knew those damn coffee extremists ! when will this caffeine madness end !
would be shocked if they did not.
ideal headline “ devout muslim trapped by coffee extremists in sydney “”
ideal headline “ devout muslim trapped by coffee extremists in sydney “” hahn
i should not laugh given the seriousness .... but that is ... 😆😆😆😂😂😂
version : devout muslim trap in we by gop congress & amp ; gun-bearin militia
you forgot the bit about how israel is to blame !
just add hostages blame budget cuts “ john prescott “ blames tory middle eastern aggression “
give it and the terrorist will be the ' victim '
that would make a good headline. they have the same leftist hive-mind as bbc
coffee tax needed to control terrorist atrocities says charity “ - mother state needs that money comrade
what do we know so far about the ? here is everything you need to know :
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages –
this is heartbreaking. poor poor people in
this picture says a thousand words. glad she is safe now.
i am afraid this is threatening our freedom way of life to such an extent.
rescue then gas the scum inside. waterboard any that did not die in gassing
gt poor girl. safe now.
only can help us now ...
terrifying. hoping for a peaceful resolution with no loss of innocent lives.
every citizen of sydney has an obligation to help police etal maintain operational security around lindt cafe . do not
as an you do not want internet sleuths making this like the boston bomber search.
logical deduction of a concerned citizen, put it that way
tweeted police movements and chatter on police radio. pointed to an innocent person.
note cautionary points from 2008 in kilcullen is article :
just were you told that by police, or did you make that up yourself ?
they forced channel seven to move their cameras.
sleuths also got the ferguson cop wrong. so learn from us stupid americans.
who is sheikh man haron monis and why was he known to police and the media ?
point is ... do you want to censor all news ?
one sniper one game over
. maybe that will be done when smug greedy jews are murdering kids too ? nazi murder children.
i empathize with the situation in gaza, but was not referring to it in my original post
probably cos he took folk hostage ?
but i was .... so ?
maybe wait till hostages are free.?!
he is underwear model for pajamas r us ! everyone can see it
if they knew who he was, they should have snatched him up and deported his muslim ass.
just another barely fuck nugget who ought to be haunting houses,
how do you sexually assault 47 people and get bail ? that does not seem cleaver.
currently on bail for 47 sex offenses ..... 47. says it all
do not negotiate. take him out.
he is on bailed for 47 sexual offenses ?!
man monks looks like an of !
only thing this murdoch tabloid front page achieves is to further terrorise family members of hostages
yes it is called bot buying or watching any murdoch media
disgraceful daily telegraph ... report the news accurately do not add to the problem
beyond belief that people are actually paid to produce that white
device will be fr offing on this tripe, death cult is hilarious
anyone in the terror game must be truly thankful for such assistance to their cause.
sounds about right. they keep rolling out old stereotypes instead of addressing a new multicultural audience
.... and provide insight into the values of that outfit !
why is everything so final ? hysterical.
every word and image on that page is factually correct.
unite. grow a brain retards !
this news paper is complete trash. it is alarmist and speculative.
is this the same publication as uk telegraph ?
fear is what criminals want . show no fear . the media must calm down and wait for information ,
alarming when a joke account speaks more sense than news outlets.
must not accidentally turn the tv on. let me know when it is safe again
guess he is furiously thrashing out a 3 worded slogan as we tweet !
oh guess who is going to address the nation
hey ... is this ?
just in : white house official : pres . obama briefed on hostage situation in sydney , australia -
when will he be on tv telling abbott to show restraint ' ?
he could read about it in the paper tomorrow like everything else.
i do not see why he has to be briefed on it at all.
why is obligated to do something about a hostage situation in australia ?
but it interrupted mine
i hope this did not interrupt his sunday night card game.
and went back to sleep ... zzz snore ...... benghazi ..... zzz
if you saw how turned out, last time obama helped hostages they ended up dead.
i huh. dumb.
he has called for advice.
latest footage from shows security forces throwing objects into the cafe
footage from shows security forces throwing objects into the cafe ”
yes , people are taking selfies as dozens are held hostage at a sydney cafe nearby
would that be the jewish or muslim god. ffs
i think he left the building already
thats fair. peace if only.
hey believe what you believe let others do the same .... never shall those roads met then *
our societal issues summed up in one picture.
near a human crisis ? wow, people ! what is wrong with this ?!!
our societal issues summed up in one picture. ”
why would you ask such a question ??
its day time in ? wtf
thoughts & amp ; prayers to all those who have been affected by the today . sad to see this
i hope they are released soon 😔❤️
people only seem to be capable of hate nowadays
its so scary. praying that they will be okay xx
these things will stop only when people start each other and.
its really sad to know that they have not been rescued yet
we live in a world of terror. i hope all these people appear healthy.
you are so sweet. please stay safe nate. 💕
update : police say is over
tell that to the families of those held in the coffee shop in australia
kill the dude and everyone like him. time to take out the garbage
praying for the families of the hostages : update : police say is over ”
rt update police say is over
update police say is over ”
up for sending that scum bag to hell
no more press to terrorism. only the information without picture, or videos.
is this creep dead or alive ?
yes they are a problem but let is eliminate the obvious. they need to be returned !
update police say is over ” rt
is he thought he might be australian.
does this mean rev is going to organize protests for excessive for by the police in as ?
update police say is over ”
hope the jerk is now face to face with the flames of hell !
what about home grown this myth that all of them are disgruntled foreigners is untrue
update police say is over ”
major police operation unfolding in downtown sydney
rat major police operation unfolding in downtown sydney ”
rt major police operation unfolding in downtown sydney “ sounds like one of my bad chocolate cravings
flag has been raised.
rt major police operation unfolding in downtown sydney
what you gotta go to australia for news ? you can not make up more lies about the
a black flag with writing likely means jihadists or supporters.
police operation you call a goddamned jihads' hostage situation a “ police operation “ ?
rt major police operation unfolding in downtown sydney ”
alert : news special report : tactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and
news special report tactical units storm sydney cafe - live on tv and ”
that mad man could have long been monitored before causing the embarrassing sympathy yo the family of the deceased
" thank god 5sos arent in sydney " woah wait youre think about a band not being there rn when
some people need to understand there is a whole world outside of 5sos
its meaning to be thinking fuck
just think about the people in danger plus
wow this is actually getting re tweets and favorites
its so annoying plus take your head out their asses and think about the people in danger
i hope they stay safe !
me too me too
if u tweeted this i st
in times of crisis , we must remind ourselves that we are all part of
know that he speaks for a minority. what ugliness.
or just respect people is freedom to dress as they please & amp ; worship as they please.
these women do not look invisible to me ...
go it and act against ur mullahs. motherfuclers asshole butt fuck muslims
i have every right to criticize backwards beliefs, not same as attempt to control
lot better than killing people on name of islam. fuckoallah.
tells a lot about your upbringing
killing over lord ram where ? lololol. btw, clean toilets in isis.
well i know who i am following for an intelligent, nuanced argument
which race does belong to ?
oh you bitter old man ...
is about one controlling and marking women in public as property of muslim men
is it piece or piss on mohammad ? (pbuh) hahahahahha.
what women wear is none of your business.
i for bigots who have nothing better to do than attack the innocent.
else u can do ? abusing is nothing but a feature of sang his low
i henceforth hold you responsible for every non-muslim criminal act. you better get busy. cc
you are backwards. bigot.
so now you speak for muslim women ? what they wear is none of your business.
ask yourself the is that helpful, or unhelpful ?
you ignorant fuck wit. ira, timothy mcveigh, eta, shinrikyo, ...
check out his barely string together a coherent sentence
gas key cola is also known as coco cola. right ?
what r u doing over here ? u fucking sang hi
waste of time mate. stick together in need and losers point fingers
fuck you motherfucker. every terrorist is a muslim.
and what about killing in the name of lord ram
may i shoot muslim. fuck ur sister u sister fuckers. fuvk mohammad
encouraging equality of women is always helpful - discouraging dark age views on covering women also helpful
so sick of this pc society . this is terrorism . period .
they are confusing liberal “ with left wing politics do not realism liberal - conservative here in oz
too busy dropping bombs from drones, cause that is ok ! not terror !
seems to hurt you more than others does not it ?
terrorism committed by ...
we have live feeds and the internet here, pudding. praying for the hostages.
block the idiots like i did
i did not say a word about republicans.
send to to with them. send einstein too !!
and too wow ; you are quite amazing.
conservatives are profoundly sick of republicans as well as liberals.
really you are practicing taqiyya ...
pretty obviously so at this point.
what is your problem with conservatism ? what do you know about it ?
it is the diseased liberal minds that are defending these barbarians.
the lindt cafe has issued a short statement on the martin place siege on facebook .
greetings from the dutch underworld and anthony hopkins. an interview with ex-gangster steve bro …
would not normally target which is the biggest competitor ?
the has issued a short statement on the martin place siege on facebook. ”
do not fight the hand of that pays $400, others pay only $250
issued a short statement on the siege on facebook
are controlled enough never to attack israel.
praying for sydney and the rest of the world rn ... everyone pls be safe 💕 one direction
you are fucking disgusting. using this horrible event to get its on 1d is voting ? smfh.
i will not rt that ...... everybody should not
spare a thought for australia is muslim community - the vast majority of whom condemn jihadists ' for perverting their
thinking more about the people with guns to their heads right now mate.
what media do not say it is old world mediterranean crowd area jihadists not australasian in australasia
australians take to social media to support muslim australians
r u also supporting those hostages ?
did you communists just block me ? only prepared to tell one side of the story ?
a good laugh on a day short of them
take to social media to support muslim australians takes to twitter to tweet about tweets.
. at its best and finest ??
how do you know they are australians ?
as hits 5hr mark , thoughts are with hostages but also families who must be slowly realizing their loved one
what does this crazy man want ?
i am hoping they get out unharmed and the gunman brought to justice !
do not go around saying all muslims are terrorists and blaming us for what had happened in sydney bcs real
only applies when they are in minority
breaking news : all qantas flights are diverting around sydney cbd but are operating as per schedule at this stage
please i need 250 votes to win. please re tweet.
are flights still landing at sydney airport ?
here is a transcript of the prime minister is press conference on
at least he did not make matter worse with stupid three word slogans
whoever you are , wherever you are , whatever you believe in : pray for sydney , support humanity and
definitely that is what humanity is.!!
sydney siege on all day , but we have not seen any tv reporters hyperventilating , or using words like
dear the also do not print coup thriller novels in national newspapers
highly sarcastic material for those who understand
some of the media anchors should have been flown to sydney
superb tweet that. hope the indian tv media gets it
heard they had to cancel their tickets.
. or just responsible reporters ?
because media is not an industry in australia. here it is business
out of affection people call him shear coup ta now.
they break problems .... not news ...
reporters ' reporting helped terrorists in 26/11 it was observed by supreme court of india
and got away with it too.
that is just respect for hostages n their families.
to various media people - if you do not know something , say so . speculation fills airtime but does
exactly. a lot of lazy and dangerous reporting today.
. does this wise counsel apply to ray harley ? for now and ever, ever more ?
sure would be irresponsible to speculate about islamist/in motivations given the circumstances.
is a fool and needs to be taken off the air permanently.
suspected jihadist in standoff id would as iranian sex offender as ordeal enters 15th hour
hey fox enough on lets get back to the u.s.
i saw from the airport in at. just bad.
give him a bullet at ~ 3000fps.
under there is no such thing as a sexual offense for all male muslims
says the pussy with a mask
is there an upside to accepting the throwaways of other nations ?
our swat teams set would have this want to be kia
school district is under a “ shelter in place order, ” after gunman killed 5 in pa
over here in the us sympathizing with this terrorist piece of shit.
why do not you cover what is happening in pa right now ?
can they just fly in some american cops to shoot his ass ?
i feel like everyone is in the wrong.
stop feeding the terrorist with coverage, if they do not get the coverage it depletes their purpose
demands flag and the pm is not sure of his motivation. good grief !
praying for the people kept hostage in lindt cafe sydney 🙏
buzz. hope it ends well, it is a bit scary here now
i actually have family in sydney ... thank you buzz
me too. pray for peace ✌
thank you so much buzz. we just hope this ends peacefully x
what happen 0. 0
thank you buzz seeing it unfolding on t.v since this morning is quite terrifying
we are all ally worried
thank you buzz it is actually terrifying
poor little china hostages.
so gunman turns out to be a self styled godman , a lunatic with interests in numerology , black magic
are they different from prophets ? i
do they have too ? thought it was hindu only
another your knowledge of islam if pathetic.
totally blame mode for this fiasco ! must resign
after all they are our peaceful muslim brothers we should support them.
he is sang hi as well. trust me !
yes many ' hear found ' walls are muslims in sufi clothes.
and who at female terrorist who they will get 72 virgin men had wits ur view
may be deliberately use since such words are use for hindu priest in india off late.
to qualify for he must behead at least 3000 pairs.
you get it right my infidel brother
how do such ppm live in the same world as you and i ? not able to reconcile
well sex with what right hand possesses is sun nah nothing wrong with it malawi is pious muslim
please ask. she said he was a goldman.
is belief in is what makes basis of their black magic.
i man ?
why did not call him ' prophet ' instead of ' goldman ' ?
any connections with ?
he is a : is he a muslim ? ”
he was ship converted to sunni to get a support from
y gunman man monks posted this statement online. terror has no religion ?
he was at loggerheads with wen the latter was inciting against mode
is relieved that the offender had all hindu traits. she can have her alan and thermal today.
do you take pains to mention when rapists are christian ?
so the gunman is everything under the sun except “ a muslim “ ! brilliant !
his pictures on shows him wearing clerical dress of ship sheikhs
therefore a man of as defined by isis bhaijaans and khaalajaans.
this is how respects women, very inspiring !
. a lot ' are muslim black magic practitioners.
oh too many on the loose
peaceful your says all
he did all this crime to get 72 virgins in heaven
not maybe sir. that was the exact insinuation ! too clever by half some of these are !
... hell of a statement. wait for and to come up with a fictions proof ...
. i think he converted to sunni islam a week or so back. instant transformation.
gunman man monks posted this statement online.
he belongs to school of thought.
you missed something ... he is a muslim cleric.
you are glorifying his achievements.
media guide to crime aboriginal = it is cultural muslim = it is terrorism christian = it is mental illness
left out political .... sharing the burden ? on-water operation ? non-core promise ?
what a willfully blind dip shit you are ...
why do we see your best tweets in a crisis ?
what does that say about the christians leading this country ?
and is gang related “
you missed gangs and greek - work cover !!
i hope everyone is okay in sydney and nothing bad happens from this hostage situation
thanks it is very rare for something to happen like this here so we are terrified
i am on my plane getting ready to fly to sydney ...
it is so scary u have no idea
just be and do not go anywhere by yourself beautiful xx
thank me too
its in its 10th hour now so sad and scary !
i will not thank you xx
been watching the live stream for 9 hours ... so scary
i hope everyone is okay in sydney and nothing bad happens from this hostage situation ” 🙏
a kind lady named mica drove me home after a cab that we shared from sydney iscbd was not able
do you think the militant will let the hostages go ?
no. i responded multiple times and you had nothing to offer except moral vanity
not for a white male.
did you read the article ? hardly points to widespread anti-muslim sentiment in australia
or perhaps the likes of maria could acknowledge something like this ?
here we go ... yawn. i will leave you with your vacuous moral posing
hi still with you in spirit and action re too !
congrats on your tweet !
what issues does the hash tag bring up for you ?
and i think the focus should be on the hostages rather than muslims preemptively playing the victim card
guess this does not fit your connected victim hood & amp ; bullshit ?
we can do and muslims had nothing to do with starting the hash tag.
so you repeat the same insult ?
playing the victim to a tee.
why was that the cab not able to complete the journey ?
would you drive a home if they needed a ride ?
i must have also missed the hash tag supporting jewish kids etc when they were attacked on a bus
would rather they cut my head off
the i have got no response so i will move onto insults “.
that it is hollow that seeks to highlight a problem that does not exist.
just found an explanation of the hashtag that has came from the sydney hostage situation- very moving
congrats on your tweet !
good on . beautiful response to racism in : via
rt via explanation of the hash tag … from the sydney hostage situation
i love declare love proudly, wear this movement together today -- sgt ;
sydney kidnap black flag : " there is no god but allah , , , " clear evidence , if
wow it’s like you can see into my soul from a tweet
just like the inquisition was not catholic (bennett)
you may be delusional if you believe people think much about israel is abilities.
i can not actually find a correct image of this flag. i believe it may be new.
nice use of the dictionary i am impressed with this scholastic achievement.
mufti of says do not jump to conclusions “ havana
you rather obvious that he is correct.
is most of the time a sign of bad social science.
do you even know what a cunt is ?
i did not ignore the elephant. my statement applies both ways.
else adheres to them ...
you are too predictable. almost certain you would say some vacuous insipid comment
excellent call. bang on the target, bulls eye. love it.
you have not pointed out jack shit. thanks for playing the game though buddy.
and you are an illiterate sob. real toby would never make this kind of error.
black denotes jihad amp ; words typical islamic quote but not isis flag
that is an ideology itself you stupid fuck
could not talk about it at work today for fear of offending muslim co-workers.
i think it’s one of these
yea maybe he means its an israeli plot ! like the moon landing or aids !!
there is no god. “ at least they got some parts correct.
the flag reads eat at luigi is sorry my arabic is rusty
and yet is your twitter handle rather than your real name ...
if not when
you are an of the human condition though
to me all religious people have a mental illness. what is your point ?
there is no real it was a fictional show.
motive resistance2oppression, mental illness ... -religion us 1 tool
. the flag is correct. this is part of it in the window of the cafe.
exactly ignore any criticism you bigoted funk
i misunderstood your comment. sorry. and yes i did imply he does.
please affirm that you believe the kidnap has nothing to do w/ islamism or do shut up.
how much liberty do you wish to surrender to ensure everything is terrorist-proof ? what about malaria/tb/traffic deaths ?
what i expected from hawkins followers tba
does not matter now. he is requested an isis flag & amp ; a chat with our pm
it is just meant to represent you, at least a little.
extremists that would happen with or without “ religion “, created by imperialists themselves.
so religion is involved ... hence blatant ha ...
fuck off you opportunist fuck now is not the time for your proselytization.
none are bigger conspiracy nuts than those still mentioning them 4 yrs later
reference and bush no ... their religion was not their driving force
that was a mere analogy imbecile liberalism ruins all things
you are an idiot irrespective of which religion you criticize that is what you fail to understand
edgy. now go back to tumble to whine about pronouns.
the source of the info sir ? btw religion can only make claims but never prove. true
it is close but has a few design details that are different.
you are stuck in 5 yrs ago. let it go. move on.
....... mumbles something about pouring water up terrorists ' noses *
you mean for fear of being beheaded at your desk too low !
you are being sarcastic yeah ?
yeah i am sure you do differential equations all day errryyyday. lol
against an not people.
you are as you are following a dick.
the elementary logical mistake in your initial comment was merely a precursor to determine the shallowness of your intelligence
dude your trolling bores me. lol
embracing religion is basically a formal certificate that you are prone to accept manipulation.
ah so it might be in the name of a different religion low
i have no disputes at all.
it is not new. it is from an obscure group. do not recall name.
oh we have a professor here ? fuck off low
black spiritual healing ... all superstitions criticizes seem to be present in this terrorist
is my name supposed to have more numbers in it
only thing cops have admitted is it is ' politically motivated) .
what a stream of nonsensical bullshit.
i did not say you did, as you surely did not imply that was applying mono causality.
then feel welcome to choke on your tongue, dickhead.
it is never taoists, always the religion of peace.
and ignoring elephants in the room is signal of poor eyesight or biased agenda.
you do not have to be a professor to recognize the fallacy in that logic of yours
my thoughts are with the hostages , their families and everyone in sydney right now .
does anyone know why and whose doing it
people are being help hostage in a sydney cafe
starts on social media in response to , showing support to muslims :
starts on social media in response to, showing support to muslims : ” 💕💕
this is they guy he should had been in jail
because that is what we really need right now. what a joke.
please do not tell me blame the individual not the religion. no religion = no religious motivation
the whole world has gone mad
is schemer on apparent motive for as well :
a small light in all this darkness.
what point does constantly televising beg copycats ? your reporters provide nothing new ...
support are you crazy ? no way !! fuck them !!
targeted action should be taken against religious hate mongers without punishing any community
who is the garbage that supports terrorist muslim ?
once again the west refuses to call it what it is … , pure and simple !
simply if someone in had a conceal & amp ; carry outcome would sure be different
an pedophile ... what a surprise.
it was a ' workplace incident ' as decreed by hussein, taqiyya is
interesting article. tell why would you not deport such a scumbag ?
the forbidden word is violent. these goats will go down in history as a mockery.
i bet the family of that dead hostage might feel little different from you !
it is terrorism. this is a terrorist attack ...
when they start beheading western “ journalists “ we might get the truth out !
bangs enter 4 down carried on stretches ' ammo is
i guess the chocolate caused it
they already did that and we have no change
do not think this is the forum to argue your mad gun rights.
our thoughts are with the people of sydney tonight . let is hope we all wake up to a good
watching it in right now, so scary 😟 praying for them xx
this quote was stuck in my head all day. relevant
your hope is the world is hope.
the afp have said the hostage taker is monitoring social media , according to guardian australia sources .
obviously did not get enough attention as a kid.
one guy starting to look like he has friends.
am more curious about why all general conversation has ceased. wondering how much control the gov has.
it is a huge safe to assume it has at least one tv, too.
which is why the media needs to stop with police plans !!
is that why things just suddenly got really, really quiet on the ?
like of has a smart-phone.
better source of news that commercial tv or radio ...
hopefully that’s not a surprise to them.
eight whys is not all technology shut down ??
... is he looking at hash tags ?
these the dumb foolish for them to know that their end will be bad
i think the media should back off a bit as one could say playing into his hands
outrage as bystanders take selfies at sydney siege
mt outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege …
outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege ”
she is wearing a fanny pack. enough said low smdh moron
what is wrong with people ?
i have had three international phone calls from friends today !! lol
oh man ... all we can do is hope for the best. are there any kids there ?
it is unfathomable really
wow. just ... wow. : outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege ”
outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege ”
i have no idea what that means, sorry
never understood some ppm who need to be up close tragedy
sorry my attempt to be charitable.
outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege. is wrong with ppm ?
this so much. ugh
very. how rude and selfish can u be⁉️
fucking morons .... rt outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege
i am embarrassed for the stupidity of humanity.
well. thankfully you are fine (^_^)
no not that i am aware. thank god.
it is beyond embarrassing !
outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege ” fed
not funny at all. did anyone die there ? hope not
maybe those deserve to be inside suffering ?
you amp me both.
but you are from melbourne right ? that is why i was not worried about you.
huh i am confused low
rt outrage as bystanders take series at sydney siege
holy crap that is scary.
some are still there oh no
“ : thanks for protecting my sisters ” big love and prayers for australia
hey this be some of their responses.
will never be the same again. thoughts with the defenseless people.
inspiring ” big love and prayers for australia ”
showing the world true humanity. love it ! 💖
it’s mate it’s what we do when times are tough.
these racist white people make me sick - white minority getting closer low
thanks for protecting my sisters ” big love and prayers for australia ”
as people attempt to sleep tonight our thoughts are with those involved in the . praying we wake up to
fingers crossed it is all over soon & amp ; everyone is safe
hope to wake to no news of retaliation attacks also prayers to hostages
awesome job sharing the news today
if i get any sleep. such distress
isick ' people are actually taking selfies on the site of the
sick ' people are actually taking series on the site of the
and ... you are covering it ?
you want to lock people up for taking photos ?
why are you bringing race into this ?
slap the phone out of their hands
they broke no laws. inciting unlawful arrest however is a crime.
they are talking to but nothing to the media so far
and you guy give them the publicity they want
sick ' people are actually taking series on the site of the ”
have they broken any laws ? taste is a matter of opinion. you are a dangerous authoritarian person
are the police able to negotiate a swap of people for hostages ?
these people are the bane of the world ...
people are actually taking series on the site of fear for the next generation
. you want to jail people for “ lack of taste “ ?
its grainy but this is the man involved in sydney siege with updates on who cops think he is &
u would know would u ?
you mean he is the hostage-taker, right ?
grainy yes of the hostage taker. what are the demands ?
doing what he is doing i would say most defiantly
we can not call him a terrorist yet he dress like one and acts like one.
did he come here on an illegal boat ?
looks like the staff member that “ escaped “
that face is definitely. i know, “ is not stereotype “
sniper the tucker. can anyone shoot in australia ?
looks like a goat fucker too me
probably a running solo ?
" i used to be a rafidi . " | gunman is an iranian-born cleric who converted from shia to
is there really a difference ?
some do ... usually in polemical works
but it seems the went all the way from being a ship to an isis-style salami not sunni
r more concerned than aussies on this attack.
you can not convert from ship to sunni or vice verse as neither are religions
it is time they all went back to the societies they are comfortable with !
is not !
important things to remember during - thanks to
via rt important things to remember during - thanks to ”
yes .... but how else will you get this information ?
that is them. and i have seen enough of it to have an opinion
important things to remember during - thanks to ” food for thought !
full of it here :
i guess just take special interest/notes of the official police or govt statements ?
info pending rt important things to remember during - thanks to
here is the web version :
the purpose of the meme is to disbelieve your own eyes and group think
important things to remember during - thanks to ”
can you in try saving the pic and expanding it ? 👍
cheat sheet for is big with equality who need all the help to deny human differences
us consulate in sydney issues emergency message to us citizens to " maintain a high level of vigilance " due
cower in place great. was there some huge invasion i overlooked somehow ?
in that cases we are screwed. this administration want and can not protect us.
if only had guns to defend themselves ....
to citizens in : “ watch out. “
australians rally against islamophobia with hashtag
the police and government will not protect against these muslims crooks. they let them into the country.
how amazing is it that it takes something so tragic to bring a community together.
one deranged man we do not need vigilante groups we need laws
when is going to have a real conversation about gun control
i do not get it ?
maybe he wants more guns ? 😁
96 pm brought in. we can stop people intimating others if we control the guns
" we do not know motivation of perpetrators yet " - australian leader tony abbott
that big daft book i reckon.
we do not know motivation of perpetrators yet “ - australian leader tony abbott ”
he is cracked it. or an isis sleeper cell ? you be the judge
maybe the flag flying in the window offers a hint
nothing to see here “
i think the motivation is clear. islamistic messages leave little to the imagination
whoever could it be rt we do not know motivation of perpetrators yet “ - australian leader tony abbott
hope will have cameras inside the shop, why can not police use them to view remotely
wild stab in the dark - it is taken literally from the koran.
we do not know motivation of perpetrators yet “ - australian leader tony abbott ”
yeah that huge black flag is super conflicting on the motivations !!!!!
exclusion zone to remain in place tomorrow - workers based in this area asked to remain home
i am one street out of it. what to do ?
let is hope the hostages would be out by then and the man has been caught !
oh zone seems to have shrunk ?
is it still unfolding now my closes friends could be in there plus any updates
" keep calm and don’t speculate : how to be helpful on social media today "
expert advice. thank you.
possibly the most helpful re tweet i can do today.
you forgot to blame the civil society
what is happening in sydney will happen in the uk it is inevitable , and our political leaders will have
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
but they will not care because they are safe in their mansions out of the way
untold people saying it is not an is flag
we know how they work. everyone is on their guard tomorrow. its sick.
they will have to go through many people, and they fail if they try
everything you have said over the years is happening !! people should have listened
it is flag mate. black flag of islam. similar to isis flag
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
they will still blame you though. that is how multi-culti works.
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
i am putting several under people is trees.
this just absolutely hits the nail on the head regarding hate-preachers mate ! 👌
breaking news update : police storm sydney café to end hostage-taking
another dead terrorist is a good thing.
breaking news update : police storm sydney cafe to end hostage-taking ”
oh dear ... hope reports are not true that some perished from the siege
do not forget your jumper it is cold out.
dear god , please protect and bless the hostages in sydney . pour forth your light and work a miracle
for a miracle archangel is the one - maybe we should make a joint session praying to him
thank you we all need to work together 💓
muslim community reacts with ' horror , aversion ' to , reports
you mean the fake archive video that some news agencies showed ?
of course they did .... read the book, it is all there.
i am rather disturbed that three of them are smiling.
look at horror on their faces ? some are smiling
photo op for rabbi who is totally unconnected with current situation re falling chocolate sales.
before i mute know that we will stand against your hate and will not accept it.
is schemer on apparent motive for as well :
this will never satisfy like ray harley, alan jones, graham gilbert, andrew bolt etc
. and those partying after 9/11 were what religion ?
are fucking teaches lying to non-muslims
praying for the safety of all emergency services involved in the operation in sydney cbd & amp ; those inside
well that is one thing guaranteed not to make a difference
ambulance chaplains praying for the safety of all those involved especially our police and specialist operatives
praying that all that is required by amos is stand by.
the gunman is also holding 1 . 6 billion muslims hostage . islam is free from the crimes he is
look from ship ^^_^
guilt by association is all about the mindset of the accusers built on ignorance.
the is terrifying . but attacking and abusing muslims is exactly what isis wants . we need to pull together
your lucky ... not missing much ...
we are all we just need to stand together
your giving them a platform by having it on the news
like the only media outlet actually saying this bluntly
and what about the atheist ?
um ... why is not the project airing in queensland ? all we have is ten eyewitness news
yes pull together and stop bowing down to religious extremists.
not to mention that attacking innocent people makes that person a terrorist too.
in times of the glory of humanity must prevail. australians must rise above this mindlessness
says the program who just announced iso what is the next terror target ? '
nothing to pull together here.
how does the world battle terrorism when the very ideology behind it is exempt from criticism.
fuck the monday and the fucking australia terrorist forever
and fuck that shriveled olive dick johnny daniel
could not of said that better myself. i am humbled.
fuck the and the fucking australia terrorist forever ” more told from the iron one.
give him the camel clutch ! make him humble !
fuck the and the fucking australia terrorist forever ”
fuck any day that ends in y
thanks for the support shield ... shit just got real. guy is dead hopefully
is likely being carried out by a ' lone wolf ' with minimal links to organized terror groups , expert
lone wolf or not it is still a terror attack.
his name is man 49 yr old iranian refugees !
getting tired of this lone muzzle wolf “ meme.
prays go to everyone involved. god help sydney and its citizens in this hour of tension.
sure sure lone wolf w mental illness too ... brain snap ... depression ... oh poor guy ...
the news are reporting he has a criminal record ! murder and rape
humanity will hopefully prevail without oversight triumph of rational population over fear & amp ; hate politic
yeah that is why he wants an isis flag because he is not associated with terrorism.
lone wolf how stupid. expect more out of the. likely ? doubtful.
watch gunfire erupt and hostages flee chocolate shop as ends
never go to the executive jews running & amp ; talk truth about is gym
watch gunfire erupt and hostages flee chocolate shop as ends ”
why do hate chocolate ?
watch gunfire erupt and hostages flee chocolate shop as ends ”
end watch gunfire erupt and hostages flee chocolate shop as ends ”
what in the world is this, hands up, do not shoot ?
is this a political stunt ?
earth has been diagnosed with cancer ... it must be surgically removed ...
say hello to titillating news tweets “ : watch gunfire erupt and ... “
watch gunfire erupt & amp ; hostages flee chocolate shop as ends ” thank god
these people are taking selfies on the scene of the .
well in they take self with the bomb itself ya air
greetings from the dutch underworld and anthony hopkins. an interview with ex-gangster steve b
because narcissism does not take a break mt these people are taking series on scene of the
what is wrong with people ?
sensationalism the reason why the human race is going down the drain ...
these people are taking series on the scene of the. ” this is fucking disgusting.
smiling series. low class fuck wits
someone needs to set up a tumble for this shit
these people are taking series on the scene of the. ”
that a whole new level of low !
the most unusual incidents in sydney are the most usual incidents in cairo. everyday.
sh hate to see what they would do at a funeral.
these people are taking series on the scene of the. ” they have no shame sh
the terrograph , shame on you today . how low can you get spreading lies & amp ; misinformation ?
the worst i have ever seen. shame on you.
wrong stop with these headlines watch the news.
i wonder what terminology used about various groups in nornirn.
betwixt the the telegraph tested your saw sensitivities ... “ new ! noo ! “
one of the hostage videos it specifically mentions that this is an attack.
that rag shut b shut down. its slogans for hogans is getting tiresome
you just can not trust the murdoch press to get anything right can you
but is anyone really surprised ????
it just shows how irrelevant they have become and cannot be trusted as news source
did anyone really expect anything better, i mean really ? from this tampon
remember , sydney terrorists have nothing to do with islam . now , can someone please translate this flag they
... and right has fear of association with left is utter naivete.
i should have clarified i meant in the general media space the stance is not heard.
twitter is a bitch.
sure. but at least you have and among others. we have nothing like them.
it does not seem to be the same writing
same in the my progressive colleagues are all infected by “ social justice “ critical theory.
you think that will stop global from its well organized political campaign to redraw sovereign borders ?
social justice for a death cult that has no social justice. irony brain freeze.
i mostly agree with that. i was talking about your immigration point.
flag. something about only allah is worthy of worship and mohammad is his prophet.
being gracious about mistakes can get you kicked off twitter.
fact is it would not have happened if not for failed open door immigration
. there is no god but white imperialism and is its messenger “ ??
nothing to do with ? are u for real ?
very little elsewhere i am afraid
difficult to know the ex “ part based on a tweet. right ?
look let is just stop the immigration programmed & amp ; stop getting involved in wars in middle east
so then why am i an anti-islam aussie liberal.?
i subscribe to the school of thought on the issue.
something along the lines of ' everything to do with islam '.
guessing you are not from american south b/c right is problem here is largely with brown people.
this is an there is many of them. they need our support.
well said. there are so many apologists in australia, ali.
we have already heard that using the flag in this manner amounts to desecration.
funny since much of is anti-liberal.
the moment the started . seems so long ago . praying it ends soon .
i would not mind seeing it
thoughts amp prayers 4 hostages tonight sgt ; mt moment the started. praying it ends soon
hostage siege selfies rt : : the punters are back taking selfies 100m from the lindt cafe
hostage siege series rt : the punters are back taking series 100m from the linda cafe ”
hope the will realism what knobs they are
series have changed a bit
that is unbelievable where is the compassion and respect grrr what a sad state of affairs !
clearly not of sound mind : she is wearing a bum-bag.
they should swap places with the people inside and see how they feel then
come on oz you are better than this
could be the last picture they take !
daily telegraph front page with comment piece " the instant we changed forever "
ignorance is not bliss when it destroys careers. watch the whole thing :
yep. that simple you dumb ass
maybe we can show you how to end these situations peacefully instead of guns blazing
so what you are saying is that times have changed and so has the concept of jihad ? smh
you also need to check some facts, but that was obvious.
' changed forever ' wtf does that mean ?
brown must have been super human to be a threat from that distance
. easy to criticize cops from your living room while being afforded the security that only police give
i would think the hilton bombing in 1978 would have been the moment where we changed forever.
please do not spread this rubbish
because that justifies shooting (to kill) a 12 year old
then it is the telegraph after all. they love a bit of islamaphobia
changed forever ! whatever does that mean ?
good. proves you can not argue with facts
look at the flag. that look christian to you ? stop being an apologist for terror
yes and you kill way more with them than islamic terrorists ever could
you are full of shit. blacks kill more blacks in black on black crime than whites !
apt via daily telegraph front page with comment piece “
that is not the point. strangling a guy to death also pretty harsh id say
the were not prepared for this. they will pay a price for not upping preparedness !!!
. you are just the cutest.
let is not diverge from the subject at hand. looks like the jihad lost his leverage
premature those facts are sufficed to conclude that this is an islamist terror incident
rather like us police it seems then
yeah. but laura was in 1985.
wow famous rob i bet that hurts havana.
we can teach you to find & amp ; kill muslims in your country before they take hostages !
and an unproven assumption that is had anything to do with this.
you do not appease terrorists -- you kill them !!!
traditionally do not take hostages. they just blow up babies.
death cult mt : daily telegraph front page - “ the instant we changed forever “
death cult is that ? you mean like work place violence ?
ouch what a loss.
fuck off you racist ignorant twat.
. another us expert. solve your own problems then we can talk credibility.
we were talking about brown and the 12-year-old. why do not you respond ?
do not see taking hostages in any of our cities. of course we carry guns !
you know very little. good luck with appeasing terrorists. you deserve our president
changed by allowing into rna extreme but obeying
how is taking hostages a terrorist mo ?
did i hear anyone talk of appeasing ? anyone ? ... ... nope
for what i can tell it related to a pier german opinion piece.
can not read byline but is that piers ?
yeah we are expert because we have been hit multiple times.
means that just popped it is cherry on the home-grown islamic terror front.
so even a conversation on the internet makes you bring out the guns ? never travel.
famous rob your blocked !!!!!!
this is a better cuter pic of me !!!
i am sure the black business owners felt great about being firebombed and looted by “ protesters. “
funny how not all of one group are the same is not it ...
i love this .
so fucking true are notorious for being there for each other. we will get through this.
this is so true i am so scared at the moment !! 😭😭 i iohopeverybody is okkook
most accurate thing i have read all day
no degree of hate or will strip muslim australians of either half of their identity .
then get the fuck out and go home to the other sandnoggers.
long time tactic of bolsheviks and arab terrorism
you are blaming for consequences of jihad.
kiss off apologist. download a hilarious free koran parody
i do not think it is an issue, right now the hostages are in all my thoughts.
look another racist moron too chicken shit to use their ugly face on their profile.
i am impervious to insults. download a hilarious free koran parody
i say it i despise muslims. download a hilarious free koran parody
download a hilarious free parody for infidels of all ages –
this guy is missing a chromosome
i do not care what you say. download a hilarious free koran parody
i do not give a fuck what you think of me wanker. download a hilarious free koran parody
and people wonder why feel alienated “ : sand niggers do not belong in australia. ”
do not belong in australia.
what is “ ? a person trying to conquer australia through stealth jihad ?
about 50 australian muslim groups issue statement condemning
true. the is to be seen as credible even if muslims have different about the situation.
it looks encouraging. but why not before ? is this just arse-covering ?
about 50 muslim groups issue statement condemning ”
what about rest of the m groups
we spend a lot of time condemning terrorist organizations.
3 of the 5 paragraphs are more worried about the reputation of religion.
remember to keep facts in perspective
and who would trust them ?
thank you. good to know.
rt about 50 muslim groups issue statement condemning
of course that was the point of the press statement. it unfortunately needs to be said.
a muslim lady took off her scarf out of fear after the sydney siege & amp ; is comforted by
yes was a role model 2 yrs back when they were killing asians too !
not what they what they might do.
may i know what us and uk experienced b4 they attacked muslim countries ?
and where is the hash tag for crimes being committed by et. al, around the world ?
only a small gesture can change the world, more than all the weapons.
people like can change the world. haters do not change anything, just make more hate.
i would spit in her muslim face as she removed it. quran bashing whore.
interesting point of view. let us hope it never does.
that actually bought tears to my eyes.
i would have kick her out of the country.
just imagine if this mud have been something like 9/11 mud u have seen the illridewidu tag
how can you even say that to somebody your ignorance is annoying you illiterate 😡
when it does we will see how they react to muslims.
if is the worst of humanity , then is the best of it . now that is how you respond
i was watching a live stream of the cafe. sadly there’s going to be at least one fatality
they dragged her out and started cpr in the street
i love it. love drives out fear
saying two dead. it’s much better than what i feared
his demand to speak to the pm on the radio is not something a rational terrorist would demand
i saw what looked to be a white woman
but i take your point 😉
good point. this guy sounds like a very bad actor and a total nut job
i thought your someone said it on twitter. maybe ours then
says two. maybe i misread as i scrolled
. will not confirm how many hostages left in
will not confirm how many hostages left in ”
they even did not know if one of the hostages freed was also isis.
police too busy doing their work !! do not bother them !
how does someone become a muslim ?
that is not because they do not know how many there are inside
hope our officers are taking notes,
the man believed to be holding hostages in sydney is man haron monis , known as sheikh haron , source
he is headed to his virgins.
thanks for the update. my prayers for them all. catch the nutcase ! enough already
gunman holding 15 hostages in has been identified as shark man aaron monks
" australia is a peaceful , open , generous society and nothing should change that " - pm tony abbott
yes it is the best country and nothing is going to change it.
something has changed that ..... it is called !
i think the term open and generous may have to undergo a dramatic change now.
not so peaceful tony.
i totally agree just remember, we are not the ones trying to change things ! !
generosity that jockey will counter with further foreign aid cuts by day is end.
it is time to stop being such an open & amp ; generous nation
as. let in will change it real quick !
prayers to all the innocent victims of terror in . and those victimized by racial and religious profiling .
yes the continuously brutalized by jihadists deserve every decent person is full sympathy.
yeah i am scared people are going to hate jihads after this !
people believing that there is something listening to prayers is the root of the fucking problem.
and those victimized by racial and religious profiling. “ you are joking right ?
stop praying and start acting in your community of religious criminals.
iscared for those inside ' - the bbc speaks to eyewitnesses near on
world war we b btw muslim camp ; nonmuslm
who pay arms. money jihad toothless
stop the violence by amp ; against youth, police & amp ; all others !
then who pay arms makers ?
stop the violence by amp ; against youth, police & amp ; all others !
stop the violence by amp ; against youth, police & amp ; all others !
is that the early 80 is version of on the right ?
y only us arms trade ?
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
need reform of camp ; hadith2save islam
prayers for my friends in sydney and all involved
prevent the violence author avail 24 hrs 1-778-908-2811
lindt chocolate cafe australia issues statement on facebook :
chocolate issues statement on facebook : via
chocolate australia issues statement on facebook : ”
but you were funny too
thoughts and prayers i will be buying their chocolate tomorrow.
is there a non serious act of terror then ?
because there is only one hostage taker, he will need to sleep, eventually.
faction of is involved
gunman in identified as muslim cleric and activist unaffiliated with an organization or party :
heavenly please heal the wounds of the sidney hostages.
that is the problem too many people been stung by bees ... without ever tasting the honey.
yes he is part of the utah ... but one man does not represent the utah
go ahead and initiate the sanitation !!
. cleric ' is unaffiliated with any group ? what not even muslims ' ??
the terrorists are these people get it straight !!! in sydney they killed millions
who believes he was a lonely wolf ?
not true. he is associated with isis and represented their flags.
. so can never be faulted ... that is handy.
... with an organization or party “ ... or religion ?
breaking : sydney terror suspect is iranian shi'ite , claims to have ' converted to islam ' a week ago
not the first ... (ships) support assad, the tyrant/murderer so ...
they do not support but they are preventing his fall to stop the opposition from +
yes ship is a sick cult, kill them all
actually want to dig a hole right now.
sure some people have an agenda to spread sectarianism sooner all later everyone will get engulfed
which should make you wonder about his motives and ridiculed not to publish as a headline.
he may say he is angelina julie. is it factually correct ?
is also complete wrong headlines
rising into power and destroying our holy shrines. get ur facts straight first.
i have had ruins with that cartage imbecile dash before so i know low
you obviously shi'ism is just another sect of islam, he is known to police since 2005
he is not ship. he says he converted
do not sex it up ! “ : terror has no sect. ”
perfect excellent won d e r f u l !!!!!!!!!!!
that is like saying he converted from catholicism to christianity.
sydney residents pledge on twitter on public transport to keep muslims safe against possible reprisals over
and what about the victims ?
" sydney siege : australians rally against islamophobia with hashtag "
siege : australians rally against islamophobia with hash tag “”
are professional victims. they have had lots of practice.
you are lucky the west is so supportive, in the face of vile islamic provocation
love this humanity “ sydney siege : australians rally against islamophobia with hash tag “”
siege : australians rally against islamophobia with hash tag “” nice !
for showing the way. now to stand with “ immigrants “ against skip racism.
man what on earth is going on in sydney . despicable . life in prison no parole for the idiots
hopefully the snipers take them out.
could be soon the army (was) will be called in to take just from national nine news
we got to catch them first big fella
life in jail is not enough for these assholes
if only still had the death penalty.
it is been about 4 hours and nothing has even remotely been done. scary shit !
how about public execution it is the only these thugs deserve.
life in prison is way to easy. these scum hate the western way of life.
amen to thoughtless thoughts and atheistic prayers to folks in sydney
not looking good big fella. scary stuff
send them back home. out of australia.
totally agree. could not have said it any better.
hopefully the tax mayors will not have to cover the sob is for the next 20 !
. extremist ... wearing isis bandanna ... not looking good for hostages.
life imprisonment. that will never happen in as
the moment came to an end
the moment came to an end ” thank god
the moment came to an end ”
well done just hope all the hostages are unharmed and the terrorist is burning in hell.
that is terrifying rt : the moment came to an end ”
the moment came to an end
the moment came to an end ” that guy got rinsed. stellar shooting !
the guy at the back is really up for it
god bless to that they saved hostage. whole humanity is behind. extremist never break down us.
the moment came to an end ” my dawes playing 0 games. walked in 🔫🔥
the if does not belong in the news feed - it should have been done as a link.
separating fact from fiction on the . here is what we do and do not know
separating fact from fiction on the. here is what we do and do not know ”
thanks. finally a newspaper with some amount of ethics in what they reporting and posting
rt separating fact from fiction on the. here is what we do and do not know
yeah. because mainstream media is so good at that.
i drove north at from the airport and the harbor bridge was definitely closed.
the list of what your journos know would be very short ....
people are being held hostage and the fact that there are people who would rather celebrate how 5sos are not
open and rt the tweet in the link
i have been angry about this for ages
those people lives are at risk at the moment 5sos is safe in the other side if the world
mass disbelief : crowds looking anxiously , down martin place .
i am in disbelief that they are all crowded around watching ?
police have asked people not to tweet photos or messages so the abc does, good one abc.
journalists and producers detained in turkey crackdown
. what would all these people otherwise be doing with their time - unbelievable ...
this is pretty rare in australia
human nature at its worst.
ghoulish spectator porn people are disturbingly stupid.
is that someone with their child up the front ??
. capital punishment for all terrorist acts causing death.
this is a demonstration of widespread photo
it is like a theater ...
mass disbelief crowds looking anxiously, down martin place. ”
i would be getting out of the place, not standing around watching.
rt mass disbelief crowds looking anxiously, down martin place.
my thoughts go out to the people of sydney .
there is a siege going on & amp ; people are being held hostage
there is a siege in sydney & amp ; people are being held hostage
that is so sad. i will pray for them.
i am in australia but in a different area ” well stay safe man.
it is horrible what is going on rn
i am alright i am on the gold coast
there is a siege going on & amp ; people are being held hostage
i am in but in a different area
so it is like the kenyan mall attack a few years back ?
not really. i do not think so
what is going on in sidney ? 😞
so u realized the mistake ahahaha
what is going on 😳
you got it right this time
sydney hostage situation . live video : - via updates :
rt hostage situation. live video : - via :
terrorism .... call it what it is.
sponsoring and is carrying out operations
this is scary hope the people make it out safely
i doubt these terrorists are of pakistani origin ... heifetz speed had plans to attack australia
deal with these thugs be nice tho ! ya may have rioting protests !
7 hours later does in columbine
i do as well.
gunman ‘ has improvised explosive device ’
did that work in the philippines 100 years ago ? tell me about mindanao now.
has taught these now they are trained on you. why australia is dissatisfied ?
but do not water board em.
i read there is three.
gunman has improvised explosive device ’ ” well is not this freaking predictable. murderers !
there is according to police chief.
because there is only one hostage taker, he will need to sleep, eventually.
raise your hand if you are surprised. : gunman ‘ has improvised explosive device ’
good news feeds. so sick of religious f%4heads ! smoke these bastards !
do not let tell you it is just
drench him in pigs blood.
ugh. rt gunman has improvised explosive device ’
stuff this crap. sick of these islamist.
i applaud how the australian police have dealt with so far . patience . communication . no bullets fired .
i applaud people who avoid using this tragedy to inflame other problems.
congrats on your tweet !
us police do not spray bullets into hostage situations either ...?
he is also using the hostages as human shields. something islamic terrorists take pride in.
congrats on your tweet !
idiotic comment from on. us art would follow the same procedure.
yawn liberals are friction lunatics.
i just did not think that was an appropriate thing for that guy to say.
you are one ignorant attention whore
plot twist you are the ignorant one.
can yall stop saying " thank god 5sos isnt in sydney " like do you relise how ignorant you sound
people and 5 have escaped so far
my blessing tad their take care dad lvi you
yes yes i love out of
mg g take fare their i hope you are alright what
people like you give me hope unlike other ignorant people in this random
god who is an are doingbthat
or estimated to be 50 people
is there * ??!
it annoys me so much i see it everywhere
take care dad for real like seriously u might be harmed cud
when it's and you become famous for a solid minute
that is so fucking insensitive people need to wake up and stop being so ungrateful, it is disgusting
my far sun dad will be fine ok
praying for all people praying for u dad
it is worth remembering that most boat people are fleeing the same extremists we are fighting in the middle east
who you talking to. my comment was not at you
but instead of engaging in debate and potentially learning something you block ... 🐓
and they are no longer welcome. its time we end your vitriol. referendum now !
yes just we allowed the extremists in !
i guess you have not heard of mohammad ali barbara then ?
are you saying yesterday is terrorist attack was as ' fault ?
there is no evidence to back up your claim.
how come they return to fight with them then. people like you are the reason yesterday happened
take away the free aide and these people would disappear
it is worth remembering that some of them are the same extremist we are fighting in the middle east
i just found this and never have i ever seen such a thing . sending all my love and support
i am new on twitter. how do i support ?
security forces storm sydney cafe where hostages held , gunman identified as man haron monis :
such a shame already convicted taking name of islam for his heinous crime
does not matter whoever ... no one has rights to kill anyone ...
hi guess who in i do
i beg to differ india has been a lesser victim relatively !
man haron monis is believed to be the man behind the , his former lawyer says likely he acted alone
get sleeping gas from put him to sleep
what was in his coffee that made him go nuts
he sure has a colorful history.
you just got yourself a new follower
how on earth did this muslim maniac get bail !... i am outraged as a must citizen !
man monks cleric converted to what extremist refused to australia
thought the police did not want his name published. is the media being irresponsible now ?
thoughts with the hostages and their families ..... stay strong to
so he is a man a former ayatollah from iran !
much love to everyone tweeting . solidarity . australia at its best .
team is something much better than team australia
patsy already dissing it !!
king was one of the wisest, most gracious human beings !
i agree. this is more likely to make us a better people
thanks for your kind words and indeed milk jr was a man of integrity and compassion
infographic of the flag being shown in martin place , as compared to flags used by is & amp ;
who make all of us look bad
please read before you judge my religion and you will realism it is only a minority
this is from of arabiathe guy who fucked arabia big time
all authentic flags hijacked by the cult called wahhabi.
. baloney. most want subjugation of women, rape of children, death to infidels, domination.
it paid for by the cia. right ?
and this is peter o notable is flag.
i am i love my religion but also respect all other faiths
will you please include meanings of those inscriptions ? let people understand what drive those terrorists !
then they should put their battalions together and head off to destroy isis.
so it is a new convientant a ' new ' group just after the cia goes into defense mode
so a rabbi , imam & amp ; priest walk into a mosque . the punchline : a powerful &
monks under ex boroujerdi says assayed him, own family hostage.
. a beautiful show of !
mt imam amp ; priest walk into a mosque. a powerful stand of solidarity.
with lots and lots of irony
flags by terrorists in sydney cafe read " there is no god but allah , mohammed is the messenger of
ordered beheading of 600 men & amp ; enslaving their women. was mohammad a muslim ?
singulars r busy saying ---- was'nt religion related & amp ; that terrorism has no religion
ppm left in a rubble of sick'claims. now want to do the same in nepal.
how long will world leaders be politically correct to appease one community and stop themselves from telling the truth
still all are not like that.
well will the gentlemen trying to convert hindus to dignity attempt to convert the hearts of the terrorists ?
terrorists never belongs to any religion ...
the flag does not bear an is mark.
is the best thing to come out of the
a horse a horse my kingdom for a horse.
video of hostages running from cafe
that is how you put your when approaching police. that is how you live
rt video of hostages running from cafe
video video of hostages running from cafe ”
today worker show petrol bombs and ask to close shop in shahalam market.
this is the reason why the cia tortured already suspects.
. fake fake staged we are about to hear an announcement that will change the world ... cabal op
rt video of hostages running from cafe
. shoot and kill him now.
video of hostages running from cafe ”
would if i but i 404 can not
to american gun nuts exploiting a situation half a world away to push your agenda : you are sick .
a child saying childish things please stop making americans look bad
the armed in the cafe is doing the same thing, except more
i love his liberals result to name calling when the known they are wrong.
sorry but plenty of people in australia actually like freedom and want you to bugger off.
so the good outweighs the bad ?
i do not recall saying that. again, do research. guns stop killers daily.
because a reference somehow makes america look bad, regardless ur logic is still childish
and when has that ever worked in the u.s ? gun lobby propaganda, ugh.
is this the guns do not kill people argument ?
who i am not a gun nut. i do not own one.
the law in allows for everyone to have guns and yet all those killings took place.
what about the 74 shootings resulted in 38 deaths and 53 injuries since sandy where they prevented ?
guns are legal in the u.s. why were not the school shootings prevented then by people inside ?
guns preventing disabling or injuring people is an accidental side effect of their purpose. murder.
or a shootout might have taken place and resulted in multiple casualties were as currently there are none.
it would be nice to have a device that is only purpose is murder ?
stop getting your info from wild west shows and heist movies.
interesting comment from someone with your display name.
in the hands of a good guy would have ended this long ago.
no. that would make you a nut.
i take that back it is much worse.
scroll through my time i red one like 5 minutes ago.
someone as stupid as yourself should never be allowed near a firearm.
people having guns caused those deaths, if guns where illegal they would still be alive.
show us a tweet from the us gun-nuts.
that is a interesting. anyone that might want to defend themselves is a gun nut.
the cops are good they all have guns, it is still going on.
do you mean if someone had a gun there would still be a hostage situation ?
this just hopes all the innocent people in that cafe get out unscathed.
tell me how a gun jumps and becomes violent ? . please, never seen it.
i stand in solidarity with muslim australians & amp ; condemn anyone who uses this as an excuse for islamaphobia
you are right. look at us trying to articulate ourselves and feelings in 140 words.
does anyone care about the hostages ' on ? extraordinary the number of people not mentioning them
hard call to convince true blue aussies dude. good luck
they come out of the woodwork. literally.
no one seems to care about them, they could just all die.
experiment over not compatible with aboriginal values. purge christian terrorists yesterday.
exactly that was exactly what i was trying to say.
then be cursed with more terrorist attacks, u ppm are not so naive, r u ?
so you have not been reading this tag then ? i am praying along withal the ' atheists '
that is a sickish thing to say. you left out the hostages
tony is so sexy looking
i do not think that is the case. during a crisis people may not be expressing themselves well
means any doubt man ?
it would make more sense to stand with secular australians to condemn anybody who uses religion/s as political tools
fingers crossed for sydney . one day we won’t live in a world where humans terrorise each other
if so then the notion that must be embraced universally.
the terrorize the public every day !
yep. but is still on the loose.
on what empirical basis are you making that claim ? ... sigh.
thanks solidarity appreciated.
when we are all right ?
we condemn the actions of the criminals at islam is free from terrorism . visit :
sisters. get back to work with fbi
who have been massacring the muslims for decades
may protect the people in sydney from harm
first declaration siege a success for isis !
do you condemn the actions of your malaya obama and cameroon
can not believe what is happening in sydney ... just hoping that no one gets hurt .
at least 13 hostages in the middle of sydney nd they are threatening to kill them
the they have hostages in sydney
i am so scared that something big is going to happen 😭
the they have hostages in sydney
the they have hostages in sydney
everyone so insane but it is okay 💓
so close to home it is terrifying, hoping for the best too
the they have hostages in sydney
let is trust god thank you for following add
really we should pray for their safety. thank you btw
why may i know what is happening over there ?
please remember that it is an individual causing the not a faith or race . they speak for themselves ,
not really. calls for violence to non muslims. thought you should know.
sharing the truth is not bigotry. no real peace in islamic teachings.
championing the truth is not narrow minded is it ?
no point in letting him know. his ignorant and blaming the creator for writing such verse
of course it is cheers
it is hatred. telling people false information.
both are same things. means the same “
that is a not an isis one. very similar, but not the same.
he is representing his faith with the sahara flag !
you are a complete idiot.
your words and demeanor have clearly communicated that islam is of peace. 😉
i think that is pacifism at it is most deluded.
also fuck all religion. end of story
now when did i say that ? are you on drugs ?
and many more proving his piety
you are dumb. waste of oxygen.
if you knew how to read, you would know that that is not an isis flag.
what you do with this info i gave you be up to you, you bigotry is your problem
no one is insulting anyone.
a big both are same things. mean the same. prophets flag !
yep. there are 109 of them.
not true says kill who trying to kill you
that is the not the issue.
do you have an example ?
just to be clear i am not muslim i am christian.
how is it the solution ?
brother i am not i am christian. my god does not fight. he loves.
i feel sorry for you that you do not see the truth and chose to live in ignorance.
a major police operation is under way in sydney , australia ; police advise avoiding central business district .
i doubt these terrorists are of pakistani origin
thinking about you and everyone in sydney and their families.
holding hostages in cafe. how do i know this & amp ; not you ?
you are a tad late cnn. just 3 hours late.
police operation sounds like military. strange choice of words.
so is just the beginning . terrorist sympathetic group is running campaign in support of mehdi masroor .
this is a parody account ?
to any american tweeting about how could have been averted if we carried guns . no -- imagine how much
at least one would be dead now, and that’s one too many - word !
excellent comment we do not need guns in australia.
exactly. and chances are it would be an innocent bystander or someone trying to help somehow.
schools are zones which make them an easy target. wankers.
new created by me.
oh you mean it could have ended like this
is are the dumbest people on earth, guns do not solve anything
yep better off defenseless sheep huh
it is nice to know educational institutions are gun free
do not you remember in ww2 it was aussies that saved australia not american is
armed citizens stop mass shootings all the time, that is why they do not turn into mass shootings
some gun loving care more about their guns than people
when was the last time an armed citizen stopped a school shooting ?
exactly what i wanted to say within the limitation of 140 characters.
who takes a selfie in the middle of a hostage siege ? well these idiots do
that is just plain rude of them ! what if they had family in there
fools can not put brains in statutes
did you take this photo ?
i did not take this photo
name and shame i reckon !
well ....... it takes all kinds ...
that is a and no respect at all.
people like that pisses me off. no respect, no soul.
they would have taken more series ! so rude.
people like this make me lose faith in humanity.
so flipping inappropriate ... dumb twats.
lowest form of tact ever.
that is they honestly have no respect
agree stupid series. hate the word. peoples lives at risk here
there not even there fan lower than a snakes belly fan scum
like i love a self with friends ! but that was not a time and place
shame on them can not believe people would behave so inappropriately in this horrible situation
this is just as bad as what the media are doing-showing pained hostage faces ...
apparently 2 dumb bimbos !
these people are no idea so selfish. that the problem with the world now.
please do not use today as an excuse to be racist and bigoted . ignoring the telegraph would be a
ignoring the telegraph is always a good start.
and not all were nazis
it is not that has done this, most muslims are peace loving people
i thought most sensible people did.
all the telegraph is good for is inciting racism and making open minded people have rage induced strokes
i have been doing that for about 20 years.
selective reading i also said not to be bigoted.
auburn earlier today was business as usual busy bustling. not yet gripped by paranoia !
breaking news : police storm sydney cafe where hostages are held
my sincere apologies. i thought u were talking about the police.
is secular and will stay secular uk
i have a live from news. get an app now ! or u missed the news !
police are doing great job # person held hostage crazy
endangering us citizens. hold her accountable for strikes in us.
breaking news police storm sydney cafe where hostages are held ”
the cops should cut his fucking head off ....
breaking news police storm sydney cafe where hostages are held ”
off kindle fire hex 8. 9 tablets
breaking news police storm sydney cafe where hostages are held ”
re : , please remember there are $1 . 6bn muslims in the world & amp ; & gt ;
one thing is for certain. this helps [almost] one is cause.
there can not be bigotry. islam is a religion. not a race.
the dollar sign was either auto correct or me mistyping. either way, whoops.
last i checked nobody from westboro was lopping off any heads. nice deflection. not comparable.
bad example. here you go :
i sincerely hope avoid defaulting to anti-islamic bigotry in the coming days & amp ; weeks.
6 in i did not know muslims were a form of currency
obviously getting autocratic.
i found this about it :
which group is actually following the teachings of the koran ?
so what had happened in sydney ?
hopefully the people there will not be injured or even murdered.
you can not just make shit up to support your narrative.
first i have heard of this. interesting ...
then let is here them condemn it. silence means consent.
actually about half of all muslims worldwide support sharia law which makes them extremist.
instead of calling the sydney cafe terrorist nothe terrorist ' , bbc is calling him nothe gunman ' . even
i suspect all these are purchased by saudi is oil money.
because by that definition all terrorists are people with flags. he is a gunman and a terrorist.
amp our bbc correspondent is calling them “ hostage takers “ !
this is the best way to say by disaffiliating them to any religion by saying note gun man '
people must understand that not stupid nor naive we read and learn about all culture n religion
are scared of circumcised muslim terror-i do not understand the logic !
wait what that would just create more terrorism. two wrongs do not make things right.
has lost its testicles to circumcised terrorists ! healthy mutilated development !
they would stop being terrorists and turn into islamic freedom fighters fighting against oppression.
and we are proud to be australian coming from different background to live in peace and harmony
is attracting perverted like a magnet ! any attack on nonmuslims calls for mosque demolition !
is unlike thy want 100% surety
your tweet is slap on her face
and ironically stops them from being terrorists. it turns them into people with a genuine issue.
again irreligious extremists hold innocent people hostage and hijack islam . our prayers with the hostages
did you even see how that stupid building fell ? hit on the top, collapsed from the bottom
the way it fell does not that intrigue you ?
i do not want to talk to you !
the never ruled peacefully are you insane ? ruthless killers
now i rest my case : *
you are from west bank or gaza, and would be killed if you left islam.
leave this idiot alone. let us talk
in to the in jerusalem, in iraq, cia torture etc. 3
you get off the twitter and read duran first
you need to read the duran correctly not based on your whims or desires.
sadly there is bad catholics islams muslims etc
so you defy this peace loving verses from the duran ? congratulation you are official ya non muslim
liking your own tweet would not help. ok let is start with facts rather you ignorant beliefs
read some more and you will find evil acts are consistent with islam.
in the flag was noticed during gaza war ... that is when government should have acted
i can not anyway. i lost your number. do you skype ?
go listen to your lectures and get off twitter !
we ruled this world peacefully for 700yrs and you idiot start defaming islam.
i will get back to you, let us talk
have read a little on muslim/islam seems so peaceful till extremists take it completely in different place
no do not call me you fool !
this is not yet only islam and muslims would be held responsible
you taught me something certain people liked it so in keeping this way
why do you not wear a hi jab if you know it is in the duran ?
hey in not violent can u guys leave me out of this fight
beautiful queen and its people who has hatred for our beautiful religion you taught me something
this is not hi it is traditional clothes in jordan !!
by no means an expert but what i have read shows me this is not true islam/muslim beliefs
you are as filthy as you filthy beliefs. allah is wrath upon you.
i pray for all the hostages
i did not mean to put in this sorry
you hijack by not enforcing islam in all matters and standing with koufax against islam !
maybe you just find easy excuses for atrocities committed in allah is name, like sex slavery.
we highly condemn this act of barbarity.
you put a hi jab on too !
the days of power is over the world is saying no more
to name one ayah of many.
you are so ignorant amp ; racist
do not call i will call you
except that it did not collapse from the bottom but from the top.
so what is hi jab ? is it from islam is it a choice of what ??
speaks for all muslims no more than the klu klux klan speaks for all whites . # sydney
that would be km “ flux klein. rooky mistake.
who will reform if moderate muslims refuse to speak honestly about the very doctrines in need of reform ?
have they confirmed it is isis related ?
except the are legal ...
however the inability of scholars to denounce such acts ? no excuse for not doing it.
that would only be true if all whites read from the same handbook as the kkk.
a minority does not represent the majority. that is the moral of this tweet.
white do you mean christians ?
it is all speculation. as my last tweet agrees it is probably amateur isis supporters
speaks for all muslims no more than the flu flux klein speaks for all whites. ”
live : sydney opera house cancels performances in light of events
why close the opera house ? oh yeah, patriarchy can not function without people living in fear
something to do with a mysterious package
live opera house cancels performances in light of events ”
that was 7 hours ago. sniffer dogs on strike ?
why was happened please keep us informed your the best informant we have please
join us in praying for sydney right now and the safety of those involved in the current situation . pray
in prayer with will !
thank you lord for the answered prayer !
amen so let it be !
round up all the and send them to isis occupied syria & amp ; iraq 121414
if sydney had been texas 10 customers would have drawn guns the moment the isis terrorist walked in ...
the problem when you carry a gun you become judge/jury/executioner.
mate. if your case was true why are there so many children killed in us schools ?
who cares what the us allow this is oz and thank god we are not in the us
taken out by someone who had a gun was not it ?
careful you will get blocked. then where will you get your right-wing diatribe ?
fact most mass shorting have happened gun free zone areas. fact is last beheading here was stop
no there are armed teachers yet school shootings still occur. more people die in us of gun violence
hopefully you learn amp ; lose your naivete.
you are really this dumb ? look up texas gun ownership before you look any more stupid.
if you can not use the correct article, you are an idiot.
you have got that right !
gun control is people control.
you do not even research. you are a waste of effort. buh bye !
like i said i keep my cow worked well so far.
i most definitely do. i can not help the ignorant.
and what article are you referring to
who would have thought was a stone cold killer ?
oh no chuck is blocked me guess “ the truth “ hurts.
listen to this he just graduated college yesterday !!
. and were talking out the crack of your are then as well. pipe down.
show me a report that shows on average 10 texan in a cafe are armed ...
that is the stupidest thing anyone has said today.
i was thinking exactly that about you !
if had been more people would be dead thank god it is not
if truth makes you laugh so be it.
schools are gun free zones you idiot
easy you want to kill me, i kill you not rocket science
opinion a view or formed about something, not necessarily based on fact or knowledge. 2/2
i speak you fool would be the first ones dead in a hostage situation.
then i suggest you start reading what it takes in most states to get a concealed weapon permit
you have missed my point completely. your statement was an opinion not fact.
i speak you speak liberalism.
you are deluded. everything you have said is completely subjective.
by someone with a gun. or you prefer being beheaded ? your choice
you are far too thick to hold that responsibility.
what armed teachers know your facts
highly trained not some public who is been down to the local gun range
oh right of course what was i am thinking !!!! thx for clarifying
so did anyone really read the whole go and forensic report yet ? i did
lots of countries have say mexico where most can not carry
classic classic classic imbecile.
you are not thinking. that the point
so no facts just bullshit now. nice
and again your head up your ass, most states you have to pass certain training
it is called you want to hurt me, you go first.
says the man who makes wild claims then calls it fact.
this is twitter dumb unless you want it numbered it goes short.
if you do not even have the basic survival common sense, you are an idiot.
truth that which is true or in accordance with fact or reality opinion 1/2
i take my chance with a cow any day versus nothing
you mean aside from your original tweet here ?? lolll
again every school shooting has been in a gun free zone area.
whatever you jams bond. i am sure that would go great for you.
chuck is watching leave him alone
for the permission dude bro --- you do, in fact, make me laugh. lolllol
lets go back to the lone star times where you are most comfortable.
you are making my point.
it was not an it wiz truth g'and bless america.
has open is a gun free zone. duh !
us has no gun crime problems does it ?! you have said your opinion not “ truth “
i am for gun owner ship but controls need to be in place. have good night annie oakley
you talk chuck. you always do. you popped up when ferguson happened.
we tried that.
or do you have the stats to show otherwise
hope all hostages get out this cafe ok ! just seen the gun fire footage in sydney ! 😳🙈
they killed they guy when going in ?
the news here is as is speculating two dead our hearts are breaking !
what is being told now hun ? i am devastated
' i will ride with you ' australia unites during
wonderful kindness. ' i will ride with you ' australia unites during ”
wow what a great idea ! i sure am open to the idea of mass shootings again !
i not either
oh yes ... because we can always trust the govt. and police !. she says sarcastically
the pathetic here is being dumb and brainwashed should be illegal
i trust highly trained professionals not trigger happy yobbos. so yes i trust the police
no we have not had any massacres since we got rid of them. unlike america.
as sad as it we have to protect our families from the uncivilized
i hope history is wrong and i am wrong ... for your makes.
you got it false flags everywhere ! but people are waking up ! keep praying !
i stand behind empirical evidence.
so they should not respond at all ?
you are wrong. there are reasons why the us has so many more homicides and police shootings.
i hope history is wrong and i hope i am wrong, for your makes.
so if someone else starts something trending on twitter, it is still the muslims ' fault ?
documentary exposing sandy hook for the false flag operation. all facts. no conjecture.
hope and love from adversity “ : ' i will ride with you ' australia unites
rt ' i will ride with you ' australia unites during
why you got a barbaric killer as your header ? does he also hates the jews ?
let me put my mind at ease -- you are wrong.
you are funny. in a ' funny, mentally ill ' way.
i did not insult your country, please do not compare mine to nazi germany. worlds apart.
the fatwa is irrelevant and since when do mass marches occur in the uk ?
' i will ride with you ' australia unites during ”
good luck acting like a civilized being ? sure. cheers. i will do that.
no government causes war through manufactured events like the one that is probably unfolding.
have you read this not muslims. kurds.
two of the links i shared are about the uk. since when was this an uk-only issue ?
that is a good thing. now how about uk ?
think you are getting my nationality mixed up old boy.
we do not have a gun culture here, most of us do not want guns.
which video and there have been numerous muslim anti-terror organizations and demonstrations recently
how many marched against bush and obama ? we did not elect obama but u elected obama
these are not real muslims according to other muslims.
i think you take the “ nothing to do with islam “ bit far too literally
rt ' i will ride with you ' australia unites during ”
we function well without guns we are a peaceful country and it will stay that way
protecting your family from enemies foreign and domestic is not because of hate ....
i am sure i never said you were.
irrelevant ... march on pentagon and we will march on isis
because it reinforces the prejudices of the ignorant. duh.
i could not give a monkey. it is always the same.
i am guessing they do.
really i must have missed those, any links ? here is mine :
trust the government after this documentary.
i know .... march on pentagon and we will march on isis. good luck
stop embarrassing yourself you fucking hippy.
are you going to protect your children and family with scissors ? good luck with that !
proud to be innocent people should not be victimized because of the actions of one
how about ... no violence in response to violence leads to more violence, not less.
are hostage takers or not ? strange that it is taking so long to identify them.
how many marched against hitler ? or against kkk ?
i hope history is wrong and that i am wrong
10,000 marched against a video. how many have marched against isis ?
if could have guns for protection, these monsters would have thought twice about doing this !
' i will ride with you ' australia unites during
because they have not jumped on it have they ? all over the mm. wake up.
i did not old fruit.
canada is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends .
papers will have a field day
you really do not understand the canadian charter of rights and freedoms, do you ?
harper on “ : canada is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ”
sigh. wanna talk for real or banter posts ?
sigh. seen this too much.
is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ” faves & lt
how’s the magic working for you ?
mt is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ”
as commonwealth realms we stand united. thanks canada !
learn then come back.
empty vessels also make the most noise !!
so you insult me instead of dealing with reality ? typical religious twit with no more arguments.
is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ”
you called was our greatest threat. prophetic. this is a political movement, not religion.
i am a son of god. well above your science. wanna talk minus the insults ?
i’m a scientist. multiple levels above your snake-oil bullshit.
but give your money to the church. and bend over more.
man. do you want to talk ? or just look smart on twitter ?
anybody following me knows i couldn’t give a rat’s ass about looking cool
and yet you still haven’t touched the concept of education nor evidence. signs of a priest-loving moron.
you are and a raw shill, go away
do you need insult to prosper or converse ?
we should not tolerate these stupid religions.
because there are educated people that tell you to grow up
you haven’t addressed a single thing
the charter places supremacy of god before rule of law in preamble canada is not secular
put down the bong. god does not exist. reality does.
prayers really in 2014 ? what about chanting or any other ancient ritual ?
rep of the first. negative on the others.
science and verification are far beyond anything you could imagine. your delusion is the disease.
no court including the supreme court mandate a religious test for government, they almost always rules against.
you are a shopping channel blowhard. you don’t understand science, so you turn to myth.
may you learn something before you realize you’re a fool
insult. your only helper. intelligence flees under the mighty weight of a mere mans hot temper ?
is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ”
still not sure what you are trying to say. sorry
as a i am not sure what you are referring to - please explain. sorry.
ye we are called team australia “
is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ”
and god bless you and speak to you at some point.
look dude. look up. forget my name ....
slow it down wow. your beds (again, science) need to be doubled.
you are hostile. you’re religious.
and your education demonstrates itself where ? fool.
is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ”
consistent much like the empirical evidence of reality ? try to understand that.
to take those responsible for this heinous act alive would show great courage and valor.
and again. if i can slow this bus down to your benefit, i will ...
i would feel cleansed if you twit actually learned something real instead of pushing poetry as reality.
i see a frantic man wanting verification ...
keep allowing mass immigration into canada & amp ; this will happen in canada very soon.
because you’re empty about any true observations ? your poetry club is zero.
rt is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends. ”
rt is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends.
ha you just proved me right !! cheers !
i did not statement. jn 3:16 ; jams 3:16 i chosejesus relationship.
mate. not the time.
rt is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends.
stupid religions is redundant.
rt is thoughts and prayers are with our australian friends.
the wisdom of man is stupid without god.
a preamble is distinct from the long title or enacting formula of a law.
every non-muslim in the world must watch this video & amp ; show it every other non-muslim !
take a minute to read the about and.
take a minute to read the about and cont.
please piss off and do not high jack an event that has nothing to do with right wing hinduism
suspect in sydney cafe siege identified as man haron monis , an iranian granted asylum in australia
approx ago must police allowed the media to release the name of the hostage taker.
irony calling for censorship of information is literally the opposite of (classical) liberalism.
was it necessary to say that he was granted asylum in australia ?
whats religion got to do with it ?
please auntie needs no help from you in being politically correct. 😁
irrelevant now as police released the name.
i assume you are well rehearsed in australian politics and media ethics.
well he was a religious cleric but do not say anything shhhhhhhhh
blank stare rt suspect in sydney cafe siege man aaron monks, an iranian granted asylum in australia
have you forgotten about cronulla ?
irony indeed. yet this is the classic hypocrisy of liberalism at the same time.
the religion of peace strikes again
that was a smart move.
no probe thank you for your detailed research into australian politics and social contexts !
it is essential that sticks together in these times, and not to focus on race or ethnicity
that is why we need better checks so as 2 keep the fanatics out
know being incomplete
why have you tweeted his name when the police asked you not too ?
main stream media censorship is the new liberal “ stockholm syndrome “.
a news organization reporting facts incites racism ?
suspect in siege identified as man aaron monks, an iranian granted asylum in australia “
not about covering about protecting the hostages !
but it might prompt govt 2 conduct better checks 2 keep fanatics out
why do you care the press should not cover up for these people
australians respond to racism by telling community .
racism what race are disciples of jesus ? will abcnews ridewithme ? ha !
i really wish all of australia did react this way ... frankly disappointing some comments made ...
rt respond to racism by telling community.
gotta love the gorgeous.
. racism or muslim or arab ? conflicting words.
via respond to racism by telling community.
but is there a risk of cronulla-riots kind of incident soon, you think ?
swiss museum to accept hundreds of works of art bequeathed by german nazi-era art hoarder cornelius gurlitt
will there be a sweetener for eu president mr junker ? time to invoke article 50 !
swiss museum to accept 100s of works of bequeathed by nazi-era art hoarder cornelius gurlitt ”
they find the owners and return i say
and will he be paid for the pieces ? they are his ! robbin hood policy !
at least it will deflect attention from one of their own most psychotic sons, .
has no barrier for nazi-era hoardings. congratulation to swiss museum authority for their liberal attitude.
yes unfortunately the maybe when its hung in gallery, pieces may be recognized,
not the 1st time swiss have taken nazi loot
and the accord on the nazi-era art hoard of cornelius gurlitt is signed
there can be no legitimate grant of provenance, no rightful sanitation of art acquired through theft-by-genocide.
swiss museum confirms it will take on collection
a swiss museum has no problem taking in a nazi art collection !!!
swiss museum accepts looted nazi art painful memories 70 years later .
to you are now featured on my page !
swiss museum accepts art from gurlitt via
final solution to crimes and guns in usa
another terrific story by , chronicler of the nazi-gurlitt art saga .
my story might interest you. overview : more recent :
swiss museum will accept gurlitt art trove - abc news
3 fans your tweet has been favorite by 3 people.
breaking : swiss art museum accepts artworks bequeathed by late art dealer gurlitt
just unbelievable. rt breaking : swiss art museum accepts artworks bequeathed by late art dealer gurlitt
cousin of cornelius gurlitt challenges will that leaves collection to swiss museum
drive more customers with locals services. 1-347-679-0103 learn how now
is overlooked heirs want control of his nazi-era wouldegenerate art ' estate
essential read for those still prepared to get through gurlitt looted art case “ ”
‘ the gurlitt collection should be sold to benefit jewish organisations ’ - the art newspaper
that is the first option. no doubt. but it is not easy to find the heirs.
thank you. and have a nice weekend.
former top judge thinks -stolen art ' belongs in a museum '
museums great for burying things for “ experts “ to gloat over. state funded collector is.
very good article. watch our film and find out how complicated this is though.
... whereas private collectors let people in to have a gander any time they want ?
